---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

We rifle through the minotaur's pockets once we wake up. Augt keeps sleeping. He's a sleep-whittler. We pack up and start traveling through the desert. Erogan and Sarai hear a gentle sort of whistling to the NW, though we're heading NE. In the distance we see some small buildings.

We go look, Nancy Pelosi blinks into the room without Sarai, so Sarai bluffs her way into get the dog back. "You're weird. Welcome to our tavern-type-place!" We get invited in. Faolan and Sarai hear the whisper, along with the NPCs. Faolan asks "what was that?" "We've been hearing it for weeks looking for the source of it."

Leader comes up and asks if we've heard of 'something'. "I've been hunting one for days, something like a horse/goat with a horn on its head. In legends, it has 72 horns and when it moves, wind makes it make sound" "why have you been hunting it" "natural curiosity" "Youve been unting this for weeks, how come you haven't caught it yet?" "quite elusive, have you been hunting yourself? It's hard to do, especially with this fucker." "Would it be a sin to kill such a thing?" "Maybe in your religion. I hear its horn fetches a pretty penny. Enlisted villagers to help track the sound." "Dyou need help?" "Yyyyyes. Yes." "We offer our assistance." "Will tell you if I beat you to it, but will pay a handsome reward if you find it first." "Any tips?" "They live in small cracks that open up to caves. If you hear its horn, it's probably not in that direction. So far, I plan to follow the sound, but maybe it's better to stalk an area where it might be and wait to spot it,"

We go looking, kinda fumble around for a bit.  Erogan hears the sound from the SE, then hears it wrapping around and down into a gorge. We look for a cavern, find a canyon with caves. in the night, Faolan feels something knock past the tent, see it duck into a cave. Wakes Sarai up, who hears the whistling in the canyon way louder than before. Neither Erogan nor Augt see anything.

The two dwarves and the kobold go down to the ledge near the the hole wher we say it go. Faolan can see it opens up pretty wide inside. *we're off to see the wizard~* We go inside and look around. Plants? In my cave? It's more likely than we think. As we go inside, we hear some barking. We get pounced by jackals and fucking paste them.  We see a tree in the cave and find insects/birds in it. We go around the corner and there's a giant fuckoff scorpion there??? Then another creature shows up? Faolan gets out of Erogan's range.

Sarai tries to stun the creatures, fails, Erogan throws his fucking axe at the dust creature and crit succeeds. Dust critter moves and hits Erogan, then explodes when he kills it, blinding him temporarily. Sarai hits scorpion with arrow (and hail of thorns, but that fails). Scorpion knocks Erogan out. Sarai and Pelosi kill the remaining two.

Sarai kinda stumbles into the unicorn type thing and uses animal handling and persuasion. Erogan tries to talk to it about Munjim, but it laughs, "You are children interfering in events you don't understand." Erogan asks again, it replies, "I've no intention to return to the other side, mortals are all the same." Faolan shows off insult pendant "This is the only thing that has filled me with awe such as yours." Faolan: "Sure there's something we can do to help you in exchange for being on your land." Unicorn: "Don't come closer, but there is one thing you can do: bring me the head of the one sent to kill me."

We head back to the village to convince the guy to come with us alone. Doesn't go to well, so we try to try to poison him with the stinger form the scorpion. As we get ready to go, guy collapses but doesn't quite die, more paralyzed. We surprise attack the guards.

We take the head and letter to the unicorn, who eats the head. We show the letter to the unicorn, who says, "This is the guy who opened the rift. He wants to kill me, but that's a fair trade." Faolan asks one more time about the pendant. It looks at it and says, "I'll give you one boon; are you sure you want to learn about this?" "Where can we find the guy who opened the rift?" "He was a high lord of the mere mortals, he surely returned to a plays of mortal power." It goes to the bushes and we hear it rummaging, and it brings back a horn like its own. It's not as powerful as the original but still contains some power, does damage as a makeshift weapon. "You should know that we're fiercly territorial." We see that it has a lot of arcane power and could be forged into something more powerful.
