---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Augt asks what Kandake knows of the bandits. She says they attacked several days ago to the southwest. You might find the remains of their camp because they were in a rush to get out of the area. Sarai suggests heading back to the camp to look for clues and such. Augt gets some waterskins off Kandake. She has a trading office in Fustat so we can find her there.

Can dogs even eat goodberries?

We make it to Fustat. Everyone's kinda suspicious, Erogan tries to persuade everyone to take him seriously as a noble. Folks kinda recognize, approach and ask if he wants to talk to the Sheik. Moderate sized palace, reasonably fine. Guard says "Who are you?"

Erogan: "Asking about Munjim being destroyed."

Sheik: "Recently destroyed? I've seen you before. What can we do?"

Erogan: "Declaration of safety within walls so we can use it as a base while we research what happened."

Sheik: "Won't be attacked, will try not let crime."

Ergaon: "Accommodation?"

Sheik: "We've had an influx of villagers, sorry"

Ergaon: \*persuades sheik for room, fails\*

Sheik: "Will offer what I can, but can't offer anything right now."

Erogan leaves.

Market looks barren. Disheartening. Faolan looks for a notebook, doesn't find any. We ask around and find that the day the moon turned red, people descended on the market and bought everything they could, no real new deliveries. Some stuff left, but it's at super high prices. On investigation, we find a guy with a small box of sumac and the like, so we ask to buy some. We buy 10 springs for 45gp. We find someone who's willing to maybe buy lumber and rug: 20cp for lumber, 3gp for rug - persuade to 5gp 5sp.

Erogan decides to meet up with a bunch of refugees. Should others join him? *No.*

Augt busks for some cash. Gets two or three coppers.

Sarai asks about for information on bandits coming in with two carts trying to offload goods really quick. Guy has seen two dwarves from northern tribes selling spices they wouldn't necessarily have, which was weird. They went back north. Kandake daughter of important trader, close to palace, trades with a few other cities.

We're going to go north to look for *better* dwarves.

We eat, Sarai shares her ration with Verhofstadt. Use six rations.

Watch: Erogan, Faolan (sees a faint light in the distance to the north, like a campfire), Augt, Sarai.

Faolan has to convince Erogan that the light was real because ugh Truthminers.

Sarai finds water and some faint tracks veering off toward the mountains.

Uhask finds water and small bush of herbs. Every time Uhask prays, folks feel visibly better. Augt does an Arcana check and feels like it's a good thing that Uhask is doing, even if the guy doesn't know what he's doing. Those who are feeling magic are not necessarily sure what's going on.

Watch: normal night.

Next day, eat goodberries, horse gets ration, dog gets half ration

Watch: Erogan (has a hard night, Uhask helps), restful from the restful

Next day: Find some supplies, smoke rising around the next hill, maybe 2-3 hours away. Eat goodberries

Watch: Erogan (eh), Faolan (hears shouting, another people moving northwards away from us toward the fire), Augt wakes folks up and decides to follow the sounds. We move toward the camp with our stuff, see three short figures heading to the fire, we decide to follow. Erogan trips a little and they hear something, and speed up. Find an old and battered road, which we follow.

Sarai falls off the dog, keeps the dog from barking, but gets seen in the process. The figures start booking it to the camp. We run after them. Erogan is lagging behind, Sarai is doing good on the dog but is loud and spotted - everyone's putting out fires and readying stuff - Erogan runs up behind. Augt and Faolan see a small building and camp and hide first thing. Hear movement.

We run into a five humans two elves and a dwarf. We try to talk to them, but the dwarf jumps up and down and points at Sarai, "Her! Her!"

Augt sends one human to sleep.

One elf hits Sarai for half her damage, others throw everything at Sarai and miss. She runs and hides behind a rock.

Augt tries to cast laughter, it fails.

Uhask beans the dwarf.

Everyone goes for Erogan all at once. Erogan flips out, heals himself, and runs over to kill the dwarf, and bean a human. Faolan takes out the human.

Elf runs up and shoots at Augt, does a bit of damage. Erogan clonks a human. Faolan and Augt grievously wound one of the elves. Sarai takes his head clean off, Mononoke style.

Two humans and elf bean Erogan, taking him down to 3. Faolan runs up and throws a dagger and nearly takes out one of the humans with a thrown dagger. Sarai casts hunter's mark on the elf. Uhask longbows one of the two humans, who then hits Erogan with a spear.

Ergaon flattens one of the remaining humans with lotta damage. Faolan grabs his dagger again and goes to stand next to the remaining human. Sarai beans the elf for 10. Elf takes Erogan out. Augt takes out human. Sarai takes Elf out. Uhask can't heal Erogan, but Faolan stabilizes him.

"Who the fuck are you?!" we hear from up north. We hoof it out of there and run back to our camp. Sarai gives Erogan ten goodberries.

Faolan, Sarai, Uhask watch. The last says he sees figures walking on the horizon on the desert. We all rest up and feel much better.
