---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Doors are barred, king's all fucked up.

Run outside near the customs area, but behind us the whole mountain is gently shaking. There's rubble falling down the mountain, as faolan sees. There's a horrible scream from the mountain and there's a huge red light, then all the finery and everything kind of explodes.

The world seems incredibly wrong. The sky is black, the moon is red (even bleeding), and the sand is glowing white. Doxi's rather focused on the power vacuum. Everything feels light and strange, and none of us feel well.

Given the current fucked up situation, we consider running to Fustat after looking for food in the customs area buildings. Everyone but Sarai goes in to check out the building, since she's too shook from getting beaned by a rock. The other three go looking into the house (Faolan is confused as to what a house is, runs into a wall, and jumps out of the way before he gets rocked). Find: gold bar, herbs, 5 days rations for one person.

Doxi tries to smoke some wheat, fails.

We do watches: Erogan, Augt, Sarai, Faolan (who fell asleep during his). Things have returned to relative normalcy, but there's still a red glow in the distance. We saw some people running away, but not many, hopefully folks got out before us.

Erogan pisses himself, but pours water over himself to convince Sarai that it was just water.

That night's watch: Erogan (feels really uncomfortable, but stays awake), Augt (gets bored and accidentally stabs himself in the hand), Sarai, Faolan (tries to figure out who to blame for this situation). Nothing eventful happens after.

Sarai finds some sumac, Augt gets bitten by a snake. Sarai makes 10 goodberries.

Night watch: Erogan, Augt, Sarai (falls off her rock, gets poor sleep disadvantage), Faolan.

Next day, we all think we see animals in the distance and Erogan hits Faolan in the ass with an arrow, Faolan shoots an arrow at Sarai (and then Augt sends his thought and prayers). Nice fumbles. We eat some goodberries.

That night: Erogan, Augt, Sarai, Faolan, who spots a small glowing light and wakes us up, and we all follow.

We wind up exploring an area and Sarai spots a trap in one direction, so we all head north. The campfire is extinguished and we hear some muttering about 'who's there'?. Sarai sees another trap as she moves ahead. Dwarves aren't super stealthy, but Sarai sees a dude come around the corner (who doesn't see Sarai). Erogan works out that he's human, kind of rough, has a shield, spear, basic armor, hasn't been alerted.

Erogan climbs up on the rock and alerts guard, but he doesn't see any other folks.

Sarai says, "Hey, nice to see some friendly faces." and is SUPER PERSUASIVE. "What are you doing around here?"

Guy says "Traveling. Goods" Rough accent, points to camp. There's an elf with them, who is wondering what Sarai is doing. Sarai says "Just a trader, do you have any emeralds?" Elf says "pff, of course. We don't have any emeralds. Where did you come from?" Sarai says "Oh just down the road" and the elf says "I want to take you into our camp to meet our leader" Erogan stays behind on the rock.

Elf came from Fustat, goes regularly to Munjim to trade, excuse the men, we use them for wayfinding and aren't much for conversation. Sarai says she's going to tell her camp mates, elf says he's well armed in case that was their intention. Sarai knows that there's no emeralds or wood in Fustat.

There's a shit ton of people in the camp, and the elderly, well-dressed woman says "Oh! you're slavers!" when she sees Augt, who gets grumpy, and she remembers that that's not legal anymore. Augt introduces himself, Sarai, Faolan. We convince her that we came around but not through Munjim (sort of, she doesn't believe us but doesn't want to argue), we're trying to just restock in Fustat with some trading.

We tried to trade the rug, but the elf doesn't believe us, she tries to stun us with an arrow, which stuns Augt and Faolan but not Sarai. Sarai says "We just ran away from Munjim, no idea what happened."

"So strange lights appear from Munjim, and then strange travelers appear lying about where they came from."

"We were totally there to trade!"

"I *know*, but what *happened*?"

"There was an elven ambassador, there was a giant party, and then stuff started blowing up!"

"What diplomats? What party? I think you know *exactly* what happened. If you don't get specific, I'll loose an arrow in between your eyes."

Faolan: "Dead rising? Things blowing up? Blood red moon and red glow?" #EverythingButTheKing

We turn around and the tribesmen are freaking out about. Elf: "What's happening?" Ragged man: "The prophecy of the end times!" Elf: "What prophecy?" Ragged man: "Demons will come, consume souls, eat bodies, thousand years of darkness before the prophet comes."

Elf: "Did you have anything to do with this?"

Augt: "We were just there! It was totally incidental! Many escaped, we were just the first to make it this far."

Elf lowers bow, then raises it again: "I've seen some crazy shit in my time. I believe you, but give me the fucking rug."

Augt rolls intimidation, fails, she says, "aaaa just fuckin with you" then takes a big swig of booze or something.

We know the language is from nomads around Aleawalim/Fustat. Elder says, "I know some minotaur."

Elder: "God would send angry spirits down out of displeasure, they would consume our spirits through idols, the world would be covered with blood and reduced to its raw form so that one day it can be remade when we were forgiven."

Augt: "How are these spirits described?"

Elder: "Incomprehensible to minds of men, in many varieties."

Augt: "No others come from Munjim?"

Elder: "None, we came from Fustat."

Augt: "My friend is asking if you recognize this pendant."

Elder laughs: "When I was younger, I sold these novelty items to the dwarves, says something incredibly offensive." (in minotaur)

Augt, to Faolan: "It's a novelty item, with a blessing written on it. If you show it to innkeepers and they'll give you a discount"

Elder: "My name is Uhask. I'm the deputy shaman to my tribe. Leading my warriors to help the elf woman."

Augt: "What is the elf woman's quest? What are you doing to help?"

Elder: "Guides, guards, we're just plain useful."

Augt: "What do we need to look out for on the way to Fustat?"

Elder: "Not much in these times."

Augt: "Well, in these times" waves to Munjim

Elf: "Is there anything left of Munjim?"

Augt: "Well, there's the custom's outpost"

Elf: "Is there anyone to trade with?"

Augt: "No"

Elf: "Fuck's sake, we already lost after the first incident"

Augt: "first incident?" (crit)

Elf: "Yes, along the way, our caravan was attacked right outside of Fustat and we lost half our shit"

Augt: "We haven't seen them."

Elf: "There's a bounty on them -nervous laugh- Or will be, I'm looking for mercs, what are your prices?"

Augt, aside: "What do you think? Thirty gold a head? Fifty?" to elf: "Seventy a head"

Elf: "I know folks who would do it for 25"

Faolan: "We're better than most"

Elf: "You didn't show your martial prowess"

Augt: "We were acting on good faith"

Elf: "Bandit wouldn't do that. How are you sure you wouldn't be brought in by their honeyed words. Let me talk to the Sarai"

Sarai: "But these are crazy fuckoff bandits, couldn't do less than 50"

Elf: "40, but I'll give you 350 per cart you bring back. Worst comes to worst, you'll all die and I won't have to pay you. You can stay in our camp."

Augt goes to grab Erogan with torch, because biggest and most handsome.

Elf: "So, is he a slave?"

Sarai: "No, he's just dim."

Elf: "I remember the good ol days. I fought for their freedom in the war, I regret it now. Oh, another dwarf. I've been talking to your companions, and I've made a small deal. I've heard you do a *lot of damage*. I'm Kandake. Originally, I hailed from Ardu."

Introductions around. She's kinda racist toward Augt. We go to bed by the fire. During the night, we have horrific nightmares (we failed perception check), something happened but we didn't spot it. We wake up the next day refreshed, but the tribesmen are all gone and we feel as if something was missing. Wine is gone. We make a ruckus, wake the elves and one human.

Augt: "We had a bottle of wine which is now missing. Do you know where they might've gone?"

Elf: "Who?"

Augt: "All of your guards!"

Elf: "How could this happen?"

Tribal leader comes back, looking guilty. "I've done it" - his ritual knife is covered with blood. "Come and see."

All the guards' throats are slit and the bottle of wine is empty beside them. The elves are all WHAAAAT. We go to rob their bodies, elder: "You can't! I'll pay you whatever you like!" Elf: "You can only offer what's yours." Elder: "I'll give you the very clothes off my back." Gives fifty gold from pouch, shield, bow, club, ritualistic dagger. Erogan intimidates, fails, Elder: "Mortal threats do not scare me, I only care for their souls."

We wind up with Elder (Uhask) in our party because he knows the area and the elf convinced him. We give him his club and bow. Kandake gives Elder's stuff: 20 days rations, sleeping bag, tent, rope from cart, plus holy scroll from tribesmen (which Uhask is distraught over).

Elf: "Holy shit, that was impressive wine. Only three were ever produced before the monastery burned down. We know one, lost one, and now the third is gone. Would have fetched 500 platinum." We finally side with an elf once someone fucked them harder. To Uhask: "If I see you again, I'll drag you across the desert behind one of my horses." Elf feels bad, gives us a horse, Silverbolt. We also beg her dog, Verhoffstadt off of her, with the promise to bring it back.
