---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

To the two captured people, Erogan: "What was your destination?" \*intimidation\* "Gonna write your name in a book"

"Going to Abqar, then to amaroq to get to the main trading office. Trying to liquidate our assets and run."

Sarai, "Can you tell us about the beef between Hotak and Kandake?"

"Not while Hotak is around."

"Kandake wanted kids, but didn't know Hotak was only half-elf, which would make it impossible."

> Casual misogyny and racism all in one!

Find some sumac.

"Fustat's been destroyed, why let us go?"

"Wat"

"Before we left, horrible creatures started emerging from the walls and killing people, so we ran."

"Can I use Hotak as my mount?"

"Lets go to Ard Al'abqar"

9 people heading to Ard Al'abqar. We give the prisoners 4 days rations and tell them to fuck off. Bros before hos. 50 rations, Salted beef, 4 chests of sumac. Go through 1/8 sumac, all of rations, some salted beef.

Sarai finds a MOTHERFUCKING HONEY BADGER FUCK YEAH. She names it The Donald.

Lots of dwarves sitting outside Ard Al'abqar looking despondent. Minotaur guard says "No refugees"

Augt: "We're just traveling merchants"

Guard: "You and the capitalist whore (Sarai) can come in; do the dwarves have merchants' papers?"

There's some shuffling of papers, including scroll of pedigree. Guard looks for superior, Erogan investigates other dwarves for friends, finds they're all poor anyways, but two elderly vets who have nothing to say to him. Guard lets Erogan in because of pedigree. Faolan sorta talks his way in by saying he's Erogan's brother.  We get in, Hotak lines up next.

If we want to sell anything, we have to take it by the bureau of trade to get it investigated because they're all commies.

Bureau: "Comrade! I'm sure with times being as they are, you wouldn't mind donating some of this. Salted beef is contraband, we don't allow these bourgeois delicacies."

Faolan: "You could say that's a lot of bull..."

"Will take 1/4 of your turmuric and your contribution of 3 gp"

Sarai gives 10gp to help their standing.

Erogan and Faolan stand in line for a book. Minotaur told not to sell to them. Erogan tries to bribe, gets caught by guard, then weapons pointed at them, get arrested. Erogan tries to talk his way out of it, crit fails, gets smacked for 3 damage. Faolan gets away easily

Augt goes to woodcarvers guild to meet up with Youssef. "What did you learn?" "More about the less-enlightened races." Commissar comes out and asks "What was that?" "Dwarves don't have any appreciation for the arts." "Perhaps we can learn from them" "Have you heard from munjim?" "As of yet, you'll be the only one will know, given trade dropped and we have refugees. Lets go inside to talk." Augt pays dues.

Commissar takes notes. Augt: "We went to Munjim-" "We?" "I met a kobold along the way." "Filthy. Guess we do have to work with them." "She's a decent sort, she never tried to grift me." "Can never trust them." "Let me tell you who can't trust. There was this elf there. That night, something unholy happened. The moon turned red and the town went mad. Sarai and I managed to get out before the town before the mountain side came tumbling down." "We've been seeing strange lights from the north." "That would be from Munjim. We saw evidence of some sort of magics" "We've heard similar things from the dwarves, but assumed it was just mad dwarven drunkenness." "Drunk as they might be, this one is actually true." "Perhaps, you should take this to the politburo." "To be honest, I managed to gain some good. Would like to sell those first. Any good lumber?" "We have found some fine oak from the east, but I'm saving it."

> As you think about wood, you actually get wood!
>
> The table even lifts up slightly!

"To a degree, as the dwarven strongboxes go down, ours get bought more." "I ran into this fucking elf and she thought I was a slave!" "One day, all traitors to the revolution will get their comeuppance. Take the kobold to the polit and talk with them as a reliable source." "Okay, okay. But, can I at least look at the oak? Just touch it?" "Of course! you can even help us work the wood into a replacement table." "\*moans\*"

Sarai guards the cart. Guard gets really happy about my v. nice badger. Faolan and Augt show up "Where's Erogan?" "Oh, he already got arrested." "In two hours?" "Are you really surprised?"

Erogan crit-fails trying to sneak in a crossbow bolt into the cell, accidentally stabbing the guard in the process. They beat him for another 3hp and steal his stuff, including the flex sword. One stays as the jailor.

Faolan and Augt: "What an *excellent* day!"

We go to sell: fine box, longbow, wheat, leather, cumin, turmuric, mint, pipe weed, chickens, oil...are we going to sell Uhask? We want to sell Uhask...but we're going to set him free with his dagger and scroll (Sarai with her heart of gold, tsk tsk).

* Box: 5gp - keep
* Longbow: 7sp -  sell
* Wheat: "With the shortage, a good comrade would surrender that to the city!" "We've starved trying to get this here!" "We can't buy the wheat, but we can buy the spices for more if the wheat is included as a donation" - Wheat and spices and chickens:
    * Turmuric: 12gp
    * Cumin: 153gp
    * Mint: 252gp
    * Pipe weed: 20gp
        * 445gp 7sp, 4cp
    * Chicken: 50gp
* skip leather

Go to polit, take cart. Augt leaves to go speak with Uhask to free him. "You fulfilled your part. Here's your scroll and dagger." "Have you forgiven my transgression?" "Sure, yeah, you've paid us back in full." "In my tribe, we know of a forge where weapons that can harm monsters. We can help you, I'll put in a good word." "Faolan gives you his best. He's honest and kind." "I wouldn't put it that way...but okay!" "Bye, whoever you were!"

Augt sees guards yelling "We found another witch!" and sees guards dragging off a minotaur who's trying to cast a fireball. They lob off his hands. Augt asks, guy says: "Have you not heard?" "No, only just recntly got in town!" "Ever since we saw strange lights in the north, there's been witches on the streets, we're trying to get rid of them." "What do you mean?" "General secretary has put out an order to liquidate them. Enslave them." "Illegal?" "When times are pressing, we must get rid of counterrevolutionary magics"

Polit headquarters: imposing structure. Guard stops, says "Who are you?" "I'm Augt Esim, woodcarver, back from traveling out east. I've been advised by commissar to tell about the things I saw while traveling in the wilds" "We've been told to expect you but, uh...can we arrest you first so you can go inside? We can't have troglodites walking inside willy nilly" "Fiiine". Sarai and Faolan arrested loosely.

Guard: "Hold, I have to inspect you." Old minotaur walks out and says, "oh, well this is interesting" Sarai keeps her stuff, Faolan's signet ring gets found out, old minotaur runs up, "Can we go talk real quick?" Sarai: "What's going on?" "Oh, it's nothing to worry about" Sarai: "Oh, Faolan~"

Old minotaur: "Do you know what this is?" Faolan: "Just looks fancy, found it in the desert" "I have an eye for antiques" "Oh, what's it worth?" "I can't tell you, that's how barter works. I'll give you 20pp" "We sold a bunch, nothing has been quite this valuable, what is this?" "This is clearly fine dwarven make, it'd be a shame to not own this, I'd love to have this" "Surely if you knew something was up, you wouldn't offer so much" "Don't have time, just want it" "If I decide to keep this ring, would that be a poor decision for us?" "Yes. How about another 5pp" "Very well." He snatches thering and immediately gets 25pp and walks off snickering to the polit meeting. Faolan: yeah, I know when I'm being done.

Augt to polit: "Returned from long venture in the wilds, have news from Munjim you would be interested in hearing. I brought friends Sarai and Faolan, who I met in Munjim, who might have more to say" Old minotaur: "Ah, I met Faolan in the corridor. Charming" Armored minotaur: "My best scouting party disappeared there" Augt: "On a night six weeks ago, of the red moon, there was an elven diplomat with a great scroll which had incantation that would bring great riches to munjim. Was a night of celebration, but when the sheik read the scroll, instead of riches, madness descended over the town and started attacking. We barely managed to escape with our own lives before the structure of the city collapsed" "We heard elf came from capitol by boat and came back this way several weeks ago" "Not knowing what to do, we headed to Fustat. If he went that way, he would've arrived before us." "what of the sheik." "We met the sheik and he found our good/services and found them unsatisfactory, but didn't see him after" "This might cause a succession crisis \*smirk\*" Augt: "We do know of one dwarven nobleman who did make it out." "We have a prisoner in the dungeon with a scroll of pedigree, we assumed they were stolen." "We have the unfortunate responsibility to say we saw him with the sheik in court so he is noble, unless he managed to fool the sheik for several years. Unfortunately potentially have succession." "Fuck my liiife, we have to destroy those scrolls." "My friends, he's not the most eloquent of nobles, but he is what he is. He's just been under a lot of stress and prone to anger. Consider how useful it would be to Ard Al'abqar how useful it'd be to have the future sheik given refuge here." General secretary: "You mean to tell me we might have the rightful heir to Munjim in our basement?" "Don't know if any other nobles escaped/were absent, potentially yes" GS: "Well fellows, what's your opinion? Some would say it would be counterrevolutionary to give him preferential treatment. [Old minotaur], what do you think?" "He didn't have the signet, so that might not be okay. My spy might be able to find such a thing. These scrolls could be modified." Faolan: "Perhaps I can suggest someone?" Augt: "Maybe him?" Minotaurs: "If you prove yourselves, maybe! While you're doing that, our spies will go hunt for the ring" Minotaur: "That still leaves the minotaur in the prison, would you like us to...deal with this impostor?" "You're going to need familiar faces, so you might want to keep him alive. Plus, he's a skilled politician. Plus, skilled with a weapon! We can always correct misapprehensions. He could be useful." GS: "If you convince him, great, if not, we'll kill him for you. If you were able to scout for us up north or find out what happened, that would go a long way to prove your worth." (remember, we have forgers, and maybe Faolan and Erogan can get gay married and rule as king and queen) We offer Faolan kinda sucks and Erogan is well known. Old minotaur: "Even if that is your choice, he doesn't have the signet and we won't look for it, then. \*shit-eating grin\*" (What if we have Faolan pretend to be king, then have Erogan pretend to be Faolan pretending to be the king?) GS: "Why not discuss it with him here?"

They bring naked Erogan to plead his case, with four guards with crossbows pointed at him. "Can I get some clothes?" GS: "Hah, no. I find this funny" "My opponent will open up the walls to your country and let in all of these refugees and they will take over your culture (Trump-speech continues). I have the connections to get my people to help get them resettled." "We could get someone else to do it, or just kill the dwarves." Persuasion fails, twice. "We could just kill both of you, we have an entire field of dwarves who would love to be sheik." Fails persuasion. "We don't need experience, we just need weapons. We collectivized the farms, we could collectivize making weapons. There could be problems at first, but right now we have a bunch of starving dwarves outside, if we offer them food, they'll go along with us." FAolan: "dwarves are stubborn, though. He's a noble for a reason, and I'm saying that as someone who would come out above on this" Crit fail persuasion. "Why don't we get a random dwarf?" "That'll lead to problems." persuasion fails. "We don't need the labor, we can do it ourselves." "Can we just leave and take the dwarves with us?" "No, you don't even have any scroll/signet" "I do!" "We found none." "Help me help my people so that I can help your revolution." "We do agree that they could use our revolution, we're just not sure you're the one" "if you help me help my people build a fair life, I'll help you with arms you need" Augt: "As far as revolution goes, you couldn't ask for a better symbol. Politician, warror, fighter, able to prove himself. He'd make a good symbol" Old minotaur: "If we go with this, I'm not looking for the signet ring." "We need some proof of your loyalty. When you came here, you were arrested almost immediately. I'm willing to make a counter offer. It would be difficult to make an argument for the revolution, what if we made you general instead of leader?" "NO" "take our offer or die. Don't want a noble in charge." Faolan: "Quite frankly, we think this is the best deal we're going to get" "I just want to keep my current noble position" "This is an upgrade, you'll get to be head of armed forces" "Can I have my clothes back?" "Fiiine. You still need to prove your loyalty to look for the scouting force we sent to Munjim, find them and figure out what happened." "Deal." "We'll work it out then." Minotaur takes Erogan aside: "The general you're looking for is not one that could be trusted. Gulan Colanbari, there's been talk that he's been plotting his own revolution. If it was to turn out that he died and you brought proof, I could see the legitimacy for who should be king...I could see the scales tipping your way. It is crucial that no one finds out about this or that this came from me. Wish you the best of luck."

As we leave, there's a lot of commotion, guards ushers us out, giving us everything we need minus papers.
