---
---

On hearing that there is a priest with the party, the demon in the sword, Jackal God of A Thousand Mouths, demands him as sacrifice. Erogan tries to trick the demon and bring him a gazelle instead. On failing, he is drawn into the bag where he tries to bargain. When that doesn't go so well, he tries to attack the demon's ethereal form and is devoured by the bag. RIP in pieces, Erogan.

After a while, Augt and Sarai go looking. Augt crit fails his perception and hears Erogan in the bag, a fail because it draws him in as well. He succeeds a strength save to get out of the bag. Sarai punches him for being stupid. The jackal cultist rides up and is sort of pleased that the got rid of the necromancer but also hella pissed that Erogan took the demon out, so they rush the sword and bag back to the tomb.

On hearing of Erogan's death, Edina freaks out and tries to go to the tomb to avenge him or find him or steal the sword or something, but Augt stops her with a laughter spell. The cultist says the price of blood for removing the demon has been paid by Erogan and will return to his tribe. We rest.

In the night, Beste greets Faolan on his watch, and they wake Sarai and Israfil. She makes them promise that if they disagree, they will go their separate ways and not fight. She tells them that she's working with Jaroudi, whose goal it is to keep the magical and non-magical worlds in lockstep, rather than to bring them together. It would stop the cycle without either causing the apocalypse that would come by them joining or destroying magic like the Cabal wants. This sounds better than what they've been thinking, and Faolan starts to move that way, but Sarai and Israfil are doubtful that Jaroudi is so high-minded, that he might just want power. Israfil, in particular, worries that Jaroudi is dealing with stuff way more powerful than he could imagine. He's with the church, saying that the dragons defeat the demons but leave a link between the worlds so that souls can reach heaven, which is what he was created for, but asks that this be kept secret from everyone else.

We agree to not make any decisions tonight, just in time to spot Edina running away from camp toward the tomb again. Augt dimension-doors in front of her but fails to grapple, then just turns her into a slug, and we decide to head to the city across the desert to get her away from the tomb so she doesn't do anything stupid. We will be joined by one of Augt's relations, one Anhur Esim, a minotaur hermit paladin, along the way next time.
