---
---

We finished up pretty early and have headed back to the city. We're going to find the vizier and ask after magickers. We find the leader-types in the hall where they were before. Rayf sees Sarai says he's going to be sick, but thanks Ahnur. Vizier says there's a wizard elf Liftra in the city. Ahnur and Faolan see a kobold poke its head in the room and disappear, vizier says it's his private quarters. Ahnur talks about kobold, Vizier looks shocked and says he can search. Ahnur finds a trapdoor, but the vizier catches Faolan rifling through a box of trinkets. Vizier refuses to let us down, but Faolan gets a peek of a blue glow down there. Faolan accuses vizier of being a dick, we drag him off. Faolan and Sarai whisper about going back at some point to get the guy.

We get arrows. Faolan gets a +1 arrow of truth. We long-rest.

When Sarai and Faolan wake, there's the black kobold there. Sarai introduces herself in order to let the kobold know that they know he's here and we'll watch out for each other.

We're sent to the same north flank as before, Augt gets beaned by a boulder. Initiative. There's a floating dude out on the docks? Scary as fuck? There are some shenanigans. Faolan stabs Israfil. Sarai lightnings Faolan. Ahnur stabs Augt. Truthminer nearly dies. We win. Short rest to heal.

We sneak to the hall where the vizier was staying, leaving Ahnur to help in the docks. We find a kobold in his room, who Augt grapples to keep quiet. We go searching through the trap door and find mostly just supplies, but also a note to the reavers which Sarai can read

<span style="color: black; background-color: black">we shall take our fate for ourselves prepare to fight off an imperial siege</span>

Turns out the kobold is not a kobold but a demon who escaped the mad king of the sea, a demon who came through the portal, to stay with the vizier who has a good heart. She sort of changes Augt and Sarai's minds about the city, and the leaders (who we originally were suspicious of).
