We're going to stay the night. During watches, Faolan gets stung by a scorpion and fucks up his tent trying to kill it. Eragon sees three slender forms on the horizon during his watch, slinky demonic felines with very long necks, hard to tell which end is forward. He wakes up the camp and tells us, and we mostly agree to move on, even though we're grumpy. We find a trail of large pawtracks in the sand, twined with snake marks. Augt and Sarai can see the wind glowing a light blue making the basic outlines of paths which are much easier to traverse. S and A guide the party along one of those paths toward Old Simbel.

A sandstorm comes up, S finds a series of large rocks to shelter in, with what looks like a cave system. E and S see a path of those feline/snake tracks along the rocks, like we've accidentally been following them. E finds some broken crates which have some rations in them and a single scroll in elven in from U of Turuq Saghir, log of rations. We see a single shot of light coming from a cave from where tracks go. Faolan crit fails sneaking up to see what it is, stepping on a barrel and creaking. Surrounded by three puma like things with snake necks. Womp womp.

> See, if I had some fingers on me I could throw them at them...

F throws a ration away from him to give to the cats "good kitty kitty". One of them walks over, sniffs it, and hisses at F. S walks up to see what's going on. F minor-illusions another hiss behind one of the cats, but they associate that sound with him moving the sword, so he runs off up the ramp behind him. E and A walk up to see what's going on too. A thinks they're friendly desert spirits there to help them (crit fail). He gives E a point of bardic inspiration to talk with them in good spirits. The things run up and one swipes at F, who has to make a CON check. None of us see that, but hear F screaming. S runs up and shoots one of them. I is afraid of them. F screams that he's not okay, casts thunderwave, runs up the slope to the cave where he sees a human woman. F "Who are you?" H "Aren't there more pressing concerns?" F "Help, maybe?" H grabs her staff. E runs up to S. A runs up, yells "stop getting hurt!" (healing word). One creature runs after F and the other pounces at S, missing all three attacks. H casts a spell on the ground in front of F, a large stone wall erects itself between him and the creatures.

> And thus, gay rights.

S Nancy's her way away from the creature, shoots it twice. I lights it on fire and flies back to S. F runs up to miss at one with the crossbow, bonus-tactics H. E runs up, hits twice for a looot of daaamage. A moves toward ramp, casts phantasmal force, fails. Thing jumps down and attacks A, hits once, bites once. Second thing climbs onto the platform, attacks F, H calls for him to duck and it misses, second attack hits, H calls out and bite that was going to hit F in the neck hits him in the arm instead. Third thing goes after E, misses once, hit once, bites. H moves around, casts an acidic ball which shoots through the hide of the thing by F. S shoots at the once by A, misses once, hits A the second time after crit failing, casts thoughts and prayers on E. I bites the one by A. F goes all Alex Jones on the one in front of him, misses, disengages and moves away. E hits his enemy twice (w/ bardic inspiration), lops its head clean off, moves toward A. A heals himself a bit, disengages. Creature pounces at F, misses and lands prone, still manages to bite out at him, poisons him. Other thing attacks Israfil, does a little damage. H yells some words and the one by F pops out of existence for a moment, but can only keep it up for a minute, wall disappears. S tries to shoot at creature, misses and hits I who is V SAD and S starts crying, but in exchange, he lights the creature on fire and moves out of the way. F drinks his potion and jumps off the cliff with feather fall, hides. E runs up to remaining swinging wildly, misses. A runs up heals a bit casts hideous laughter on the beast who finds everything funny, falls prone, incapacitated. S moves around to shoot thing twice, moves T&P onto F, I toasts monster again, S tells him he's a v good boy. F heals a bit, tells party about H, misses creature with arrow, inspires E. E hits it once. A moves under T&P, lesser-restorations F who is no longer poisoned. Thing stands up, goes after E. S arrows it twice, I bites it. F runs out to try and shoot it, misses, but inspires E, who beheads it. A backflips up the cliff, heals himself. S moves to F awkwardly pats him on the shoulder (healing touch), blinks up by Augt, moves T&P over F.

We move up to the ramp. H "I've sent it back to where it came from. Do you have any water?" A gives her some. F walks up, tells us where the thing was. We all prepare. S puts spike growth down for it, shoots arrows, accidentally hitting E. I tries to put it to sleep, fails. F slinks around and arrows it for a looot of daaamage (23). E, not wanting to be outdone, runs up and does 24 damage. A calls beast's mom a whore, does nothing. H acid-arrows it. It goes for E, but A makes it miss the first attack, though it hits the next and the bite. S arrows it twice, and I torches to death. S drops the spike growth. We level \*doodoodoodoooo~\*

H is a well dressed elderly woman with spectacles and a fine purple dress. H "Been here researching the creatures of the desert, weirdly. Heard rumors of the strange creatures in the desert, and I'm an anatomist." E "Heard of munjim?" H "Rumors, yes. An accident happened." E explains what happened, says they're on a mission (video for heavy talking).
