---
---

We're making camp and going to sleep for a bit to level up and learn more about this lady. Uneventful night.

When we wake the next morning, she's digging through the remains. (video). Beste Zian

We're going to go find the tree with bronze bark and silver leaves. It's tended by kobolds who mostly keep it hidden. We leave Eragon and other dwarves behind. Camping the first night in a sand-storm. The tent comes unmoored and slides down the dune. F casts thunderwave to try and stop the tent, but winds up just blowing it apart and injuring everyone but S. F takes four WHAT THE FUCK FAOLAN damage. S heals Beste, while A goes running after the tent.

WE make it to the mouth of the river the next day, but the river is much reduced and there's an abandoned house. We decide to camp in it. During her watch, S sees a whirlpool in the river, which is flowing strangely, as though it was sinking into the sand, there's a little bit of magic there. S tells B about it, catches the rest of her sleep to regen, we get to it all in the morning. A suggests he could check it out, B thinks it might be too loose, A suggests maybe turning into a crocodile. F offers to...hold it for him. He finds the sand is loose, but that there's a rock down there, and the water is filtering through a hole in it, a faint smell of rotten fish coming from the hole. A comes back describes, B casts a wall above the whirlpool to see if blocking it does anything. Doesn't work, so A tries blowing it up, the whirlpool gets bigger. A goes to swim and look again, S being weirded out about kobolds, not necessarily aquatic creatures. A can't dig any further down, so he shatters again and is now being pulled down quite a bit, the river quite noticably draining. He is sucked down, falls, then starts floating in an underground river or something? There's a little outcropping he can rest on for now. S follows after and hollers after if he's okay, asks if there's a tree or anything. I flies down to look too, the map shifts too

> You all ready for a fucking ENORMOUS map?

S blinks down, F floats down. B mentally tags along with Augt. There's a hut with troughs filled with hay and spilled, smashed eggs. We try to cross the bridge, but a Water Friend jumps out of the water, hits S with a club. We scuffle, S blinks away, I gets hit, another tree bold shows up, bolas F. I gets beaned by big gator twice, S fails at diplomacy, murders big guy, I kills small thing in one go.

S is convinced the thing is a kobold, even if it isn't. A is fixated on the tree. S keeps the bola and A the spear.
