---
---

We're going south with the three dwarves (who are being managed separately). There's a city on the road, Muftaraq, but we're also considering Sayr Tawil, which was the seat of power for the old elven empire, but it's fallen into disrepair and folks are squatting there. It was priminent a long time ago but we're not sure when. Some gems, but they're deep and hard to mine. Augt wants to check it out, just on the old fact.

We're coming up on Muft. and there are outlying settlements and villages and they all seem abandoned. We're going to check. Early evening, and we look through stone buildings. Most stuff has been packed up in quite a hurry, no horses and camels, but we find some platinum in common hiding spots. There's a well in the center, all dried up. Was a fairly orderly evacuation. The well is unnaturally dry. We discuss going down to look, but decide against it. There's a small building in the center of town with pulpit, religious iconography, we discuss staying there in case it wards off evil, but israfil doesn't seem to care. We find a comfortable waypoint station/inn that we stay in. Do rations. It's a clear night but Eragon sees a shadowy, tall, humanoid figure moving across the rooftops. He calls out to it, but it passes on. Eragon yells louder, wakes everyone up. Edina "WHAT" Era "I saw a BLACK THING" Edina "That's nice dear". No more sights that evening.

We approach Muftaraq. Large walls, gate down. Sarai "Ho there, seven travelers, how goes the city?" Guards "Why you here?" S "trade" G "what would you trade?" S "spices, etc" G "would need food for that" S "Well, we do have some food" they immediately raise the gates. S makes some goodberries and gives the guards each one. Augt asks for barrels to store food which he makes magically. We make another 20 goodberries and a bunch more food to hand out. Everyone's super desperate. Villagers "GOD HAS SENT US A MERCY" A "I wasn't sent by anyone, just did what we thought was needed" V "HE IS HUMBLE AS THE PROPHETS" A "AAAAA I just got out of prison" F "He was imprisoned for spreading the word of the lord" V believe them. F "They have been dealt with. This is the humble Bovril, prophet of the lord. We will help as they can" V "THE FIFTH PROPHET HAS FINALLY COME WE'RE SAVED THE CURSE WILL BE LIFTED" A "What curse are you talking about?" V "He feigns ignorance" F "It is a test of your faith, tell him all he knows" Priest runs out "As the lord taketh, so he gives back five times over" A "What curse? Can't help without knowing" S "We're gonna leave s--" V "Nonsense. take them to the temple, give them the last of the wine, the last of the holy oil." We go to the hall, simple religious place, everyone bowing down to us. S "We must travel on to help others in the land. Do you have any assistance you can give us?" V "Where?" S "Sayr Tawil and Manzil Aljana" V "...why?" A "We wish to help, but need to go" V "GET A SCRIBE WE MUST WRITE EVERYTHING HE SAYS" A "NO oral tradition only" F "Write what I say" V "The mouth of the prophet!" F "1. Find truth, as is greatest gift. 2. Be studious, those with gifts must use them to help others. 3. Be brave, you must charge into any battle the lord wishes, but only at the commands of the great ones. The prophet, the lord, etc. 4. Commandment of the miner. Find the treasures of the world, bring them here, bring them to this most sacred of places and keep them from evil hands" V "We...have already started that! Come to our great bank." We go there, let into a vault, given 20pp. Small box full of jewels S "As the prophet's assistant, I will take these." F "My friends, these are fine treasures indeed, without us stepping within your home, you are on the path to greatness. Seeking knowledge is part of our great journey. Tell us, what is the affliction that has caused us to lose much" V "The sands! They shift in the night, the landscape moves against us, the water disappears and the crops wither. They come from the south" A "Where are you crops?" V "We used to have a small place to grow crops east by the river." A "Take me there." V "It's a day's ride my lord!" A "Guess we're taking a day's ride"

A and E are going to the crops. They bring up a palanquin "THE PROPHET'S FEET MUST NOT BE DEFILED BY THE SANDS" A "...I suppose no one has a lute?" V "!!!" run off and suddenly twenty lutes. They take A and E to the dried up river, A practicing lute. There's dried, rotting, mummified husks of crops. A casts plant growth, which takes eight hours of speech and hand motions. V watch the whole time. V run up to E and ask his name. He lies Erafl'eghks Baesword "I bear weapons for the prophet. This is a REALLY GOOD ONE HANDED FL'EGHKS SWORD you can buy them at Aijtime" V "THE PROPHET COMMANDS US TO BUY ARMS FROM AIJTIME" E "Your family, your faith, your future...all protected by the Fl'eghks sword."

F and S surrounded by other Villagers. V "THE PROPHET TRAVELS WITH A DRAGON" I looks nervous. V "The angel, the angel" I starts saying religious cant and they start to calm down "Friends, remind yourself that the prophet Amon of purity said that the clouded mind is not that of god. Be calm." S shares ranger knowledge, asks "Where does the curse come from?" V "It started when we heard of the elves' ritual to the south" S "The lord has sent his prophet and apostles to root it out" V "AS WELL YOU SHOULD" Israfil looks grumpy at this. S roots through box, finds good emerald, moans. F "Behold, emeralds are the tools of the prophet" Everyone brings their emeralds, including one amazing huge one, which gets the old woman who brings it a ration

V "What aspect\* of god does the prophet represent?" S "...we're still learning from the prophet, but we suspect maybe...humility?" They scribble it down.

Meanwhile. V "O prophet, what was that ritual for?" A "This ritual was done to heal and enrich the land. If you continue to tend for the land, it should once again yield food, though it may take some time." some villagers rub the dirt into their faces, "PRAISE BE TO BOVRIL THE NOBLE" They stay out in the fields, A making them food. S and F stay in the village.

The next day, there's a line of women lining up before A. V "The prophet must take a wife! The families of the prophet must be large and lineage long." A "I'm sorry, but travel has taken its toll on me. I must take time deciding who I shall take to wed." Priest "YOU HAVE HEARD THE PROPHET SPEAK DISPERSE WHORES" A "AAAA no they're great" P "Your companion has informed us of your humility aspect" F "He must take a worthy wife!" We hear whipping from somewhere, guy yelling "You hear that? You're not worthy!" A runs up, "I never said the women were unworthy. How dare you take this into your own hands? Go to your homes, women, rest." Whipper (Boris Johnson?) looks guilty, takes Augt to the temple. A "If its no trouble, I would like some time alone with my companions [they do so] Okay guys, this has gotten way out of hand." E "It's never been in hand" F "Oh, it's going entirely in plan" E "Of course, does that include them turning on us?" F "I plan on being gone." E "Fair." A "Should we leave?" F "Oh, we've milked them for all they're worth. Lets skeedaddle and keep them as a base of meat-shields to help us" Augt is realizing Truthminer is not the nice guy he thought. F "We've gotten lots!" S "Let's get out then, say whatever it is we need to do as prophets needs to be done. Maybe the prophet has had a vision from god that he must go work against the pagans" There's a huge crowd outside the temple. A "People, I have had a vision from the lord, he has sent me visions and sights of pagans with their mad and crazed rituals and I need to go stop them and prevent them from causing harm to you or any other peoples of this land. I am to leave immediately with just my companions, and god will watch over you in my stead." P "Great prophet, please do one more thing for us before you leave. These here have not seen your miracles and do not believe, despite the admonition" S makes 20 goodberries. A "Does anyone have any ungrown seeds?" Some run to their houses and come back with seeds. A takes it, make space on the ground, pours some in, plant growth, immediately leaves start to sprout from the spot he dropped them in. The crowd goes nuts and prostrates themselves before him. A "Can I keep these?" Crowd gives him all the seeds he can carry. S "I believe, prophet, we must be on our way." The crowd parts as we leave the city.

A feels bad about taking their stuff, but not the religious stuff. S feels bad for fleecing them, but oh god the emeralds. We travel until it gets dark. Sarai is too distracted to find a good place to camp, but A bardically inspires E who finds a small oasis with shelter for camping. There's some water there, so we build a fire and make tea. We do watch. Augt and Faolan nod off on their watch, and Faolan takes 17 damage as three arrows wizz out of the night, starts screaming, wakes up others. Three mounted archers and someone with a ceremonial knife. "Trespassers! We heard you in the village" F "Ow fucker. You believed that?" M "So you're a liar, too!" F "We get the information we need, we use it to our advantage" S frantically scrambles to get the scrolls, then holds them up, yelling that they have proof of their need to be in the area. Guys "Show us these scrolls" E brings them forward, but they say they don't belong to either of the cults so the contracts don't hold. E "Honest men make mistakes [super persuasive] I believe we can work toward some agreement which works for us. We just need to go to Aijtime" "We'll escort you that far [knife to throat] and no where else. After, we will escort you north, leave you there, or kill you" E comes back to tell the group. S is not a fan, because if they're being let to Aijtime and no where else, there's probably nothing in Aijtime. We consider betraying them on the way after trying to learn more. A steps forward and asks about the draught and sands that have savaged this area. They speak, turn back, say "Tis meant to keep trespassers out. We warned them it was coming before we cast, but while those outside the city left, those inside were stubborn" A "What's so important that you need to starve entire cities to keep people out?" Them "Your dwarven friend said your interests were in the welfare of the world. Believe us when we say that so is ours." A "Perhaps we can exchange information" Them "Doubt it" There's some disagreement between them, then they say "Well, maybe there is something. Wait here for several days, and we will return with those who are more able to make decisions on our behalf." S "Leave some with us," Them "We're scouts, not supplied" S "What assurance do we have that you will not destroy us?" Them "None." S "I see you have unique ideas on negotiation" Them "Our offer for Aijtime stands, but otherwise, you must follow our customs" We get the sense that he's unsure about things. S "Perhaps we can compromise, call your elders to meet us on the way to Aijtime" Them "That works. We will send one to get elders, have one of us walk in front, two flanking you. you will follow whoever's in lead."

\* Lexy Corgi, [23.06.19 14:34]
Amon - Purity

Cythega - Wisdom

Hastar - Anger

Eliphas - Love
