---
---

Ahnur scatters ashes around his garden. Sarai gathers apples and slices them to dry on the camel's back. Faolan and Augt steal some honey and three bees. Ahur also gets some fruit and tobacco.

We head to Manzil only to find it under siege. they ask if we're mercenaries and ask if we're for hire. Vizier Aziz al'Asiq greets us, looks super tired. Sarai offers to help with healing. Rayf the mercenary helps. Fiqni, emperor's personal standard bearer, used in his place to do missions. He talks super slow, has been wounded. Says each night they're attacked from the sea.

We find a caravansarai and stay at, the price is some food. Tamil the keeper. Sarai gives apples and two rations. Ahnur will help with the wounded. Sarai does thoughts and prayers. Ahnur heals a kobold priest, who is sad about the temple being lost. He and Ahnur talk. He says there's an elf who makes arrows.

We rest, then head to the docks. Augt climbs a house and looks out at the scene. We head to the meeting place and approach mercenaries. Get pointed to northern part of docks, looks healthy. Sarai worries we're tested before they let us help. Fiqni says they have been surprised before, we should take cover, will know when it starts.

Boulders start coming from out of the night, smashing the city and building we're in. Three figures climb out of the water, Sarai hits one with an arrow and Augt makes an illusory wall in front of them to hide us. Congrats, it's trolls. Ahnur ensnaring strikes one with javelin. Faolan shortbows him. There's some fighting I'm not going to write it.

> Not only do they look English, they act like it, like "durrr my neck's cut open gonna go home and beat me wife".

It hurts.

We heal under the healing spirit. Sarai, on a hunch casts detect magic, noticing the water's glowing. She wanders closer to the water, and the magic there seems to have an intelligence, which comes to bear on her and slams her back. Augt and Sarai are curious, go to check the water to check. toouching it does little, but another detect magic and feels the weight of the ocean coming down on her and the bracelet of wisdom vibrating. Israfil says "magic has a will in the world, and there is a vast will in the ocean, something has turned it evil. Do you remember the hydra, and how flowers sprang from its corpse?"

We gather some arrows and javelins and head down the docks to help, but Rayf tells us to fuck off. We cheer them on for a bit, then Sarai and Ahnur go to help. Sarai gets a few of the lightly wounded ones back up and ready to fight, Ahnur lays hands. Augt calls ogres gay and gives bardic inspirations to mercs. Faolan steals some stuff, including a note. Sarai look for Fiqni or the Vizier, finds Fiqni and helps him by downing a giant about to attack him. They get paid 2pp each, with Sarai getting 2gp from Fiqni via a handshake. She tries to help Rayf but fails performance and he takes it as an insult. Two other mercs thank her and she gives them the gift, but is given 2 silvers and a thanks. Je ding.
