---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

We're going to check out the other rooms. Snipe goes to unlock the closet, Sarai behind with bow drawn. Giant crow lying on the floor covered in blood surrounded by strange symbols. Man-sized.

> I close the door.

S: "We saw a bunch of crows on the table and the bad guys are afraid of them, so maybe we should help?" Sn: "But. Weird." We call Erogan over to have someone big nearby just in case. He calls at the crow but it doesn't respond. Sarai casts detect magic, but feels mostly a magical void, like some sort of farraday cage. Sarai suggests that we help it as enemy-of-our-enemy, Erogan wants to kill it. SArai says she doesn't believe him, or we would have left a trail of dead. Sarai tries to bring nancy into the room, but she bridles and won't go in. Sarai goes in on her own with short sword drawn, leaving bow with Faolan.

The air feels heavy, the crow is passed out and covered in wounds and scars, especially around the head, feathers ruffled, patches bare. Sarai calls for Erogan to step back with fl'axe drawn, Erogan refuses to listen to orders and draws fl'eghks sword instead. Sarai can't move it on her own, so she gets Erogan's grudging help. Sarai casts Cure Wounds on the bird for...only a little health. Wounds heal up, but then feathers fall off and disappear into smoke, leaving behind the body of a woman. Sarai tries to rouse the woman, but she only stirs a bit.

Snipe, Faolan, and Erogan head through the other door into a corridor. There's a large aquamarine crystal in the floor with someone sat by it with legs crossed, an elven monk. They discuss whisperingly cutting his throat. Erogan steps in, the elf looks at him with eyes closed, then he steps back out. Every time someone crosses the line, the elf looks. Snipe steps in and says hello. Elf nods, goes back to what he's doing. There's a weird crank in the wall connected to the floor. With Faolan in the room, he's looking more at Snipe. Sn: "What is this place?" E: "A place to meditate." Sn: "Do others join you?" E: "Sometimes, but rarely." Er: "Is that all you do?" E: "Is being a fool all you do?" Faolan starts meditating. Sn: "What the fuck." F: "How do you think I deal with Erogan?" E: "Why are you here?" Sn: "Curiosity, mostly." E: "Dangerous thing. I suppose my companions in the other room are already dead? in the fancy robes? I could sense them in the flow screaming." Sn: "Our presences are rather discordant. Erogan's are the most." Erogan and Snipe start arguing. Sn: "what's the crank for?" E(lf): "Rotates the crystal in the center of the room" Snipe rotates the crank a bit, makes the elf uncomfortable asks him not to do that, Snipe moves it back, asks what's in the room behind him. E: "Not important." F: "You meditate with your weapons, right?" E: "Someone knows his stuff." F: "Only a little. Why none now?" E: "I'm practicing with spiritual weapons to work against demons. Aligning the mind with the weapon, then aligning mind with the divine." Erogan perks up, decides to spar with the elf, who stretches and says it'd be a pleasure to do so after so long. Sarai gives Erogan four goodberries, Snipe four, the woman two, greets elf and introduces the party. Elf shrugs, says his name isn't important. Sarai leaves.

Erogan charges with fl'eghks sword, misses. Elf dodges, Erogan misses again. Elf hits Erogan with something maybe poisonous? Erogan does some damage, they spar back and forth pretty well, doing reasonable amounts of damage to each other. Elf knocks Erogan out, though, wins.

We drag Erogan back, Sarai heals him a bit. Faolan finds some books in old elvish, plus a list of bodies brought into/out of the mountain. List has a bunch of minotaurs, some elves, some humans, some dwarves, a few kobolds. They rest up for an hour, and the lady has woken up some. Snipe sees its dark outside.

S: "Anything you need? Doing better?" L: "okay..." S: "Okay...well, my name is Sarai, what's yours?" L: "It's not important" starts to leave. S offers to help, she brushes her off. Sn: "You say it's not relevant, but we've been having dreams of crows, that seems pretty relevant to me. Are you a member of the Qabal?" L: "Oh, so you got my message? The room blocked magic, but when I felt the surge of the scroll, I sent that message to be freed. Since you have done that, you're of no more use." Sn: "We deserve to know." L: "One question,then." Sn: "What is the Qabal?" L: "Eclectic group dedicated to preventing the end of the world. Spheres have been kept separate for a very good reason, despite what guy said." Sn:"Demons and such~?" L: "Yes. Now I have to go." Sn: "How does one join the Qabal?" L: "You had your question. You wish to be of service to us, await further instructions and we'll guide you as what to do. Wait...That dragon. Exchange of questions: what purpose do you have it?" S: "Protect it from those who would end the world." L: "Those who would protect it would inadvertently end the world. If you wish to be of service, you would be prepared to get rid of the creature. if you wish assistance, I could hasten that now." F: "Not happening" Sn: "that's up to israfil" L shakes her head as though it's stupid that he even has a name. S: "How oculd any more killing possibly save the world, especially one as pure as israfil?" L: "The only way ensure the separation of the worlds is to ensure that no material remains between the two, as that acts as magnets." Sarai looks grumpy, pets israfil, but stays quiet. L: "If you wish to be of use, I will send you further messages later." -leaves-.

Sn: "I love that all the people that we meet are so pleasant."
