---
---

We discuss how to get into the mountain. Investigating outside first.

> "I'll help Faolan, and Erogan can help Sarai, because he hates her the least."

We don't find a whole lot, but a stump at the top is acting like a smoke-hole/chimney. Sarai and Nancy are going to blink in after Snipe casts invisibility on them. Nancy blinks in without Sarai, starts growling. Can't blink back just yet, rolling to see when it happens. We hear something snuffling around but Nancy's invisible. She finally blinks back. We blink back in and there's a big fuckoff hydra sniffing around for her. We sneak very well to check the door, but it's hecka complicated. Sarai casts hail of thorns and shoots hydra twice, but it doesn't seem to care all that much at all, so she blinks back out.

Erogan is going to fl'eghks the grate open. He tries to chip at the grate with the sword, dents the sword.

We're going to lower Snipe down the chimney. He wraps a big of his sleeve around his muzzle to block out the smoke, so he can breathe. He makes it down to a more horizontal chimney, can see some light at the end of the tunnel. Crawls forward, finds fire. Puts it out, hears a lot of commotion from large chamber. Peeks into the room, sees minotaurs camped around a spring. Snipe calls us all down. Faolan, Erogan, Sarai, Nancy, Israfil. Snipe casts invisibility on self, Faolan. Snipe drops stealthily and lands on his feet. Faolan drops stealthily and faceplants on the ground, taking 10 falling damage. Erogan drops down, tries to attack, and crit fails, accidentally throwing his sword??? He pulls out his Fl'axe and attacks the guy in front of him with that instead, crit succeeds. Snipe firebolts some guy (rolled crit fail/crit succeed, but had advantage from invisibility). Sarai arrows a guy twice. Israfil goes and breathes fire on him, tries to fly back, gets beaned for half his health. Faolan murderizes a guy from invisible. Erogan grumbles about attack of opp, so he just fuggin kills the guy and then moves on to the next guy, bomfs him for 7. Minotaur attacks Erogan and runs away. Snipe moves to attack a guy, firebolts for 10. Sarai hugs Israfil (with cure wounds). Faolan shoots guy in face, Erogan goes after sword. The editor would like to express her displeasure at the fact that a stream is carrying a greatsword, but no one really cares. We hear hooves on sand. Snipe goes after the last minotaur, misses. Some other minotaurs show up and shoot Erogan. Sarai kicks over the screen into one of theminotaurs and shoots him twice, Israfil goes to bite but misses. Faolan tries to be sneaky, fails, tries to attack, fails. Minotaur goes to hide from Snipe and shoot Faolan, crit fails, hits one of his friends instead. Snipe casts darkness around the new minotaurs. One runs out to attack Faolan. One minotaur runs away, attack of opp from israfil does some damage, one guy strikes out blindly and hits israfil who is pretty hurt. Sarai can't see so she stumbles out from the darkness and pats Erogan awkwardly on the shoulder (with cure wounds), while Israfil bites a guy and flies out. He's pretty hurt. Some minotaurs hide. Faolan and Erogan team up and kill a guy. Every single one of the minotaurs fails at hiding. Remaining minotaur in the room tries to attack and winds up grappling Snipe. Snipe tries to blind the guy, fails. Sarai thoughts-n-prayers israfil and faolan. Faolan arrows the minotaur grappling snipe. Erogan heals up with second wind, T&P. Grappling minotaur tries to drown Snipe. Sarai arrows him to death. Minotaurs try to shoot through darkness. Faolan crit fails intimidation. Erogan fails but not as bad. Snipe runs around while minotaurs shoot through the darkness. Sounds like they're getting the hydra. Faolan runs to grab the hand crossbow.

Snipe runs up to see what to do: haste on someone or fear on minotaurs. He looks out from the darkness and sees a few minotaurs, decides to hasten Erogan. We prep to get ready. Guy tries to shoot through darkness, hits his friend. Sarai hears Xtreme yelling in minotaur. Faolan gets hand crossbow. Snipe hastens Erogan. Sarai arrows a minotaur. Israfil tries to go bite him, runs directly into him and falls prone. Erogan runs to kill that guy, then goes and hits another. Spy runs out from hidden and hits Erogan for a lot of damage. Snipe all but incinerates that minotaur. Sarai and Israfil move up with Snipe. Faolan dashes up and kills that minotaur.

> Weird fl'axe, but okay.

Erogan murderizes the other one. Another sneaky bastard appears and shoots snipe, fails. Snipe shoots back, fails, runs down toward the door. Sarai shoots him, Israfil flies over, Faolan runs over and stabs him, then Erogan runs over and kills him.

Gonna call it there. Erogan has haste.
