---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Sarai thinks the whole bleeding from the eyes thing is bad, so she suggests going somewhere else. Snipe knows a place to go sit and collect ourselves, place to drink and eat where bookish types go. We go up to the top level where it's quietest. It's reasonably quiet. Erogan buys Snipe a beer and asks what happened. Snipe drinks super bitter beer. "What I can tell you is that this scroll is in all likelihood magical. Literally. if someone of a magical persuasion (like me) touches and tries to feel the magic of the scroll... it started fucking with my brain, and all of the sudden, I was in a desert with empty sky, freezing black sand, I wandered...I guess it was a kind of dream, but then-" (recaps dream) "-and the raven spoke and told me to 'find the qabal'." "and that is?" "I don't know. Then I woke up." "Do you think the scroll is evil?" "Hard to say, but I'd hazard to say that it's at least sorta evil." "What do you think this scroll was used to accomplish?" "Dunno. Don't know if what happened to me was maybe a defensive mechanism." "Maybe it's clouding your mind." Faolan: "the truth can be hard to understand." Erogan: "Fuck off." "Do you think this scroll could overthrow a revolution?" "Probably not, no." "Damnit." Sarai: "Was what you saw connected to the scroll? Or just a defense mechanism" "Maybe th elatter. If we hire people to try and translate it, they might hit the same thing. A wizard might." Sarai: "We did see some stuff in the esoteric quarter. Are you okay? It's not normal to bleed from the eyes." Snipe cleans his face off, finishes beer. Sarai gets some 3.2% beer. Faolan asks for NA drinks, gets laughed at.

We head off to find a wizard in the esoteric quarter. Some magic, some peddling. "What type of person are we searching for? Most of these people just seem flashy." "We want to look for the person who's not trying to actively sell stuff, but who is mostly reading and writing behind the table." We find a quieter alcove where people are calmer, smoking, chatting. The *real* wizards.

Erogan asks folks for translation, most ignore him, but one human beckons them closer. He points to Nancy. "I sense something strange about this hound." Nancy blinks a bit. He picks her up and pets her, "I wonder how they do this. What do you want?" "We have this marvelous scroll that does fucked up things if you look at it too hard. Wondering if you could help?" "I can't read this." "Do you have any idea what it is apart from the words?" "It has some kind of magical properties, but I wish not to delve into these." "Do you know who we could ask about this?" "You'd have to ask someone fucking stupid. If they can't sense the magics coming off of it, they may be shielded somehow." "those without magic would be better?" Hands to Erogan, "What do you feel?" "Paper" "To you and me, it is powerful, but to lesser beings-" Erogan gets out book of grudges. "-it means nothing." Faolan asks about pendant, guy says "It feels cheap, take it to an antiquarian."

We look for someone eager and dumb. We find a ragged minotaur who looks excited. Erogan tells him to be careful, and Sargon brags to others, "This dwarf says reading this will kill me, but I, Sargon, will be the first! 10GP/wk" "Read it *now*" "I'm glad you think so highly, and my skills are considerable, but I really can't do it that fast."

> Some goddamn mad bullshit goes down, like serious Theresa May level negotiation.

As we turn to leave, There's a huge explosion. The rug Sargon was on is covered in blood, his head is missing, etc. Erogan runs back to grab the scroll. "Okay, that happened. What's plan b? Go about your business, it was no big loss!" People look around, nod, it is quieter down there now. Sarai: "Well, that was cheap. We got that information for free!"

 Snipe knows, before he met up with us, that carts are coming and going from the prison, dropping off and picking up prisoners. Snipe knows most about the prison.

 We decide to maybe go with the original plan of getting the scroll translated by the original non-magical dudes. We're going to check in once a day or so to get what information we can in case someone blows up.

 We're going to try and get more information on the carts. Snipe wants to maybe steal the schedule for the carts going in and out. WE don't speak minotaur, and we don't really trust minotaurs, so we'll hunt for a kobold translator to not turn us in. The schedule is probably in a guard building as well as in the prison, so maybe we can get in there instead. Maybe Snipe and Faolan can sneak in? Maybe we could knock out a guard and use the minotaur potion to sneak in? We're leaning toward the latter, but we don't know where the plans are. Snipe can also make two of us invisible. We don't want just one person going inside there, so we'd go in together. We're probably not going to use the potion in case papers and such hare needed, and none of us speak minotaur. We'll all go, Sarai and Erogan invisible and Snipe and Faolan sneaking, and do all they can. If we get caught, we're dead. We get Erogan a chain shirt for sneaking since heavy armor knocks down his stealth. 60GP

On the way bakc, there's a ton of people in the alley where we faught with the guard. He's talking about how stuff just started falling on him. We go around. The dwarves go just fine, Sarai and Snipe get spotted by a kid who asks "Is that a ghost?" Snipe says "Boo!" and casts invisibility on the kobolds. The kid wets himself.

We go back and watch. Faolan hears something and goes to investigate. Just as he's about to clear the bush, a sword comes out and stabs him in the shoulder. He sorta vaguely recognizes the guy and yells out. Nancy starts barking her stupid head off. Initiative. Faolan swings, misses, runs away. We all jump to and start heading down. Guy shoots at Faolan and misses, Faolan runs to hide, tries to shoot, shoots the hell out of the building. We all rush to the door. Faolan shoots at (and hits) the guy, then runs and hides under the stairs (crit success). Sarai runs out behind the cart, but hears someone comng out of the house. Snipe scorches the guy.

Something really confusing happens? Sarai gets arrowed. She shoots at and misses the other guy, Nancy teleports and up and tries to bite, misses. We wind up totally incapacitating him and he looks on the edge of death. We goodberry ourselves, try to give one to him, he says "fuck you". We try to get him to talk. We force-feed him three goodberries to get him talk-able. We offer him more goodberry, but he spits, so Erogan cuts on him  little, he just grits his teeth. Faolan starts nibbling on his ear all sultry-like, "Tell us what we want to know, or things will get very good for us and very bad for you."

> "Are we going to waterboard him?"
>
> "I'd be down."

We decide to legit torture him??? He's an elf, so Sarai hates him. He doesn't last very long. He worked for Kandake, he was one of the two guys we left in the desert after the battle. He came with a caravan and heard we were in the covered market. Faolan tortures him more??¿? He goes still after the next, looks kinda dead to me. We decide to go slit his throat and bury the two in the side yard. Faolan is so happy ^.^
