---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

> Season 2 in A Series of Unfortunate Betrayals...

Erogan has a plan. He wants to create enough chaos to break society. Sarai isn't sure we have time. No one knows where the prison is. We're going to sleep on it so we can get to the market and kit out. We don't see anything.

Slyscus sent Snipe, who gets there early in the morning. Sarai greets him with Nancy Pelosi in her arms (crit success animal handling, woo!). Snipe rolls out a map to show us where we are and where stuff is in the city.

> This is an inner dialog...going out of my mouth.

We head to one of the sewers. Sarai gets noticed by a minotaur, "I see one of them!" Nancy blinks in front of Sarai and trips her, slowing up Snipe. Erogan tips some boxes in front of the chasing minotaur, who trips. Nancy scuttles away like a scared lizard. Faolan manages to hide. Snipe causes a distraction through a cantrip, the sound of more stuff starting to tumble over. Guard crit fails. Snipe gets away. Erogan starts throwing shit in the air, Guard thinks its an ambush.

We all make it to the sewer. Snipe heads into the sewer. We follow. Faolan wants to turn the horn into a rapier, Snipe offers to take it with him. He's totally lying. We figure it out and Snipe takes Erogan to translator. Sarai and Faolan arepointed to the shops with weapons and such. It's a central place in the sewer with shops carved into the walls. Sarai finds a dwarven stall selling armor and such. Sarai and Faolan get him down to 105GP for armor for both, if they sell their old armor to him.

Snipe takes a look at Erogan's letter, sees its maybe not minotaur, takes it to a minotaur translator. It's quite a nice part of the sewer. They take it to a guy who looks confused, says "It's written in every language and no language. It's letters patched together and mixed up, deformed, none form complete words. It may be a cipher. I can work on it, but it'll be expensive." Snipe takes letter back, "Thank you for your time mister..." "Lemuel." they hunt for a codebreaker, find Ekhreb, who is willing to work in a collaboration with Lemuel. They're excited, want 40GP/wk.

Faolan asks about rapier from horn. We go to a butcher get Nancy some treats. Nancy blinks behind the butcher, and we have to distract him long enough to get out of there. Whew, rolled a 20.

Arrow shop: "I HAVE THE BEST ARROWS. You have not just entered an arrow shop, you've entered IRMAN'S SHAFT EMPORIUM." 12 normal, 5 broadhead, 3 hammerhead, 2 stunning arrows = 6GP. "I HAVE FERTILIZED SO MANY EGGS" Faolan's turn, "You're not conventionally attractive..." "...right. What kind of arrows do you have?" "You name it we got it" "Normal arrows." "What are you trying to kill?" "Anything and everything." Faolan gets some arrows. "6GP" "OKAY" "there is a discount if you suck me off right now." "How much?" "...whoa, people don't normally say yes. 50%?" "Alas, not today." "Next time, then, keep in touch~"

Sword hut: There's a really fancy one, but it's 350GP. Faolan buys a 49GP scimitar.

"Arabeq has brewed more of the minotaur disguise! If you have any jobs to do in the city, this potion has made life so much easier." We get in line. "How do we know it's not a scam?" He drinks some, turns into a minotaur.

> We have to get one, but we definitely should get more!

We fucking BUY SOME MINOTAUR JUICE fuck yeah.

We run into each other in the central chamber. We decide to give the letter and cash over. Erogan sees a tiny bit of warping on the elven symbol moved "Wh!" Snipe checks it out, gets a massive headache and feels a noise vibrating through his body. He pushes through. It sounds like a horrible cross between screaming, conversation, and something. Faolan and Sarai see Snipe's eyes getting glassy and a thin film of blood. From it, Snipe senses a faint intelligence. He falls unconscious, sees darkness, then a single light before him, then more and more stars cropping out of the darkness, and his feet are covered in sand, which is freezing cold. As he looks around, he's in a huge desert. The moonlight is shining around, but the sand is completely black. Moon is glowing offwhite. He skitters, but it keeps getting colder and colder, until it seems to underflow into heat. More and more stars until it gets harder to see anything but the glowing white. He finally calls out for help, and feels something warm touch the sides of him, hands climbing all over him, warming him up, sound is slowly turning into water, everything is slowly turning blue, trees are blooming, everything is lovely, sees his family, feels almost too much happiness. Feels like a longer stretch of time has gone before him. Everything is coalescing, then he blinks, and everything seems older. Each time he blinks, things get a different, looks like it's heading toward autumn. Every time he looks away from something, it seems to grow older. Hands pull away, looks down in the water, sees a rotting skeleton where he would expect himself. In a huge swamp, feels warm and welcoming but also rotting, hears laughter from between the trees, but can't tell from where. He moves to a tree, hears a wailing in the distance, hears huge footprints smashing into the ground, all coming as part of his headache. Sees an elephant but 5x size. The more he looks, the less sense it makes, innards trailing behind it, skin rotting, things eating, carries on into the horizon. Hears a twig break behind him, looks back, sees an elderly, plump kobold coming towards him with something in her hands, a large bowl. "Who are you? What is this place?" "Make yourself comfortable." "This place is making it hard to do that." "That's because you're rejecting it." Inside, it smells horrible, but also like cooking you enjoyed. Can't make hide nor tail of sights, things coming through the trees. "I wasn't happy back in my old town, but it was nicer than this. This was good for a little, but then got weird. how do I get back?" there's thousands of eyes looking in a circle. "Maybe you'll feel better if you eat!" The pot is full of flies and maggots and shit. He kicks over the bowl, but it's too heavy. Hands push him down. She tastes and smiles, puts the spoon back. "Not having a single bite of that stew until you tell me who you are and what this place is." She just chuckles and pushes the spoon at him. Arms are bound, forced to sit crosslegged in front of her. He keeps his mouth shut. Hands force his mouth open, then there's a single crow which rings out, everything's silent, everyone freezes. Feels like forever passes. With no warning a raven shoots out of the pot and attacks the woman, creatures don't know how to react, everything fades to black. Suddenly silent and calm. Just before the old woman and raven disappear, the raven yells "Find the Qabal!"

Sarai and Faolan holding him, it's been thirty seconds. "OW JEEZ MY HEAD. Oh. I wasn't expecting to get in this position immediately, but if you're so obliged." Sarai drops him. Snipe gets himself up, takes the scroll and rolls it up, says, "I'm sorry, we won't be needing your services after all. This isn't any regular cipher, this is some magic. You will need a wizard." Faolan: "Magic?" Sarai: "We just talked about this!"

We need to decide whether we're going to give up on this translation thing or not.
