---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

We test the door to see about getting into the third floor. Faolan picks the lock. There's a few baths in there. Faolan gets 38 stealth, the gods themselves cannot see Truthminer. We all sorta stealth our way in with pass without a trace. Erogan goes to test the other door, rolls a 1 on stealth, and it accidentally opens a bit. hear a noise coming from the top drawer of the desk, rumbling, gesture to the desk with 'listen' gesture. Faolan stealths around like a champ to check around the corner. Kind of a bedroom. Faolan checks out the desk. There's a few papers and such in the desk, Sarai detects magic, sees a small orb-ish thing from the drawer giving off ripples of aura which cause the rumbles in the drawer, illusion. Sarai warns Faolan "something's not what it seems, hidden from us." Sarai pokes at with arrow, can't feel anything, but then aura disappears, reappears in a closet-type area. Tells faolan to grab papers. Sarai finds official seal, few other documents. Snipe finds a closet where the rattling is from.

There's a GIANT FUCKING LIZARD UNDER THE BED. Whisp of magic. Faolan stabs it in the face, whispers weak point to Sarai. Erogan hears people moving downstairs. Snipe scorches it three times. Lizard bites and swipes at Faolan, doing some damage. Erogan runs in reluctantly. Sarai arrows twice, Israfil fails to bite. Faolan fails to stab and jumps on bed. A huge black minotaur with a leather mask jumps from behind a door and shoots fire at Faolan for *a lotta damage*. Snipe tries to darkness the guy, but he counterspells. Snipe runs under the bed. Lizard lunges at israfil, runs into invisible barrier, israfil hisses viciously. Erogan tries to sneak past the lizard but fails. Sarai arrows twice and nearly kills lizard. Israfil crit fails biting lizard and accidentally bites Erogan for 13. Faolan arrows beast through the skull.

Minotaur hollers "Attack" at Erogan (command), has to do that next turn, then runs to door. Snipe drops invisibility and runs after minotaur and tries to scorch the guy, but is countered again.

> Fl'eghks gonna give it to ya

Erogan swings at Israfil, does 12 damage. Sarai sends her thoughts and prayers to Israfil (up to 11), moves it to Erogan who gets some back, then runs by Israfil and Erogan, grabbing an arrow from the beast along the way. Faolan bars the door with the chair and runs toward Snipe. Minotaur goes to attack Snipe, who casts shield, fails anyway. Snipe steals grappling hook. Erogan intimidates the door, there's some arguing on the other side of the door like "do we really want to go in there?" Sarai wants to maybe leave. Faolan runs to check the chest, which is a mimic. Faolan gets away, but not after getting bit. Snipe firebolts it. Erogan runs to Faolan. Mimic grows a ton of tiny spider legs, bites the shit out of Snipe. Sarai moves away from the door, hollering insults on the way, heals Israfil, shoots the mimic twice. Faolan gives some advantage to Snipe and Erogan who destroy the mimic, which leaves behind a parchment. Erogan can see that it's super old elven, but can't really understand it.

Sarai T&Ps Snipe, healing touches Faolan. Faolan featherfalls off the building. Snipe just fucking jumps and lands on top of Faolan, taking a bit of damage. Sarai blinks down, Israfil flutters down, Erogan falls the rest of the way. Snipe makes Sarai and Erogan invisible. Faolan, on running away, hears the lock being turned on the door, jams it with a dagger, and tells Snipe to run. Snipe runs. Sarai and Erogan follow.

> Make GTFO checks.

We make it to the sewers. Snipe grumblegrumblewizardsfuckoffgrumble. We're going to check on translation guy, existing translation plus the stuff we got.
