---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Eragon wakes up, asks if he won. Snipe convinces him yes. Snipe is worried that with the cart destroyed, we may be entering crunch time in terms of breaking into the prison with folks more on guard. Er: "It appears you have been bested, my friends told me. You fought valiantly." E: "Hahaha wat. Some friends you have" Er: "That's awkward. Tell me how you won against fl'eghks" E: "Nothing wrong with the weapon, it's the wielder." Er: "It's great tho" E: "Not very elegant. Wll made slab of metal, but still slab of metal" Er: "But fl'eghks! Is it better than steel?" E: "I bested you with steel, practicred every day and beat you" Er: "You seem better at fighting than thinking about weapons themselves. Fair nuff. Let's fight another time" E: "Uh. Okay. Bye? If you want to beat me, turn inward." Eragon can't see through his skin, so he leaves.

We leave. The body of the hydra has deteriorated way faster than expected, melting down. Small bits of grass and flowers growing out of the spots where the blood has fallen. There's a strong magical sense coming off the body, but not the plants aren't. Sarai's doubtful, but Eragon wants to take some. He tries with his sword and crushes them. We leave, take down the caution tape carefully, but only empty desert outside. We refill water skins and head off. The sand is coarse and rough and is getting everywhere. WE're going to walk during the evening and rest during the heat of the day. We make it until about midnight before resting so that Eragon can heal up. Snipe finds a place that's awful and is dead convinced it's the best spot, despite Everyone else finding a shady spot. Snipe is going to sleep there, Sarai's too grumbly and sets up camp in the actually good spot. Watches don't show anything, though Snipe is going to hide and cast magical pajamas (mage armor) on himself overnight. We continue the next day. Faolan has one extra XP from making a smug comment while Eragon was fighting. Hot day, clouds move over during the evening, so we climb up a little bit and walk along the ridge a bit.

From atop one of the plateaus, arrows come down and hit Snipe and Faolan. Eragon tries to intimidate whoever shoots them, fails even with a 24. Faolan climbs up some rocks to look around. Sarai and Israfil follow, israfil flying a bit ahead to get a better look. Sarai takes 13 damage, notices someone on the peak of the mountain, a black kobold, calls down to Sarai, "You there! What is your interest in emeralds?" S: "Just a trader sent from home to crash the market in munjim" K: "If you keep asking around about emeralds, my next shot won't be so lenient." S: "Been a bit distracted, not really looking for emeralds, will chill out on that." K: puts away bow, "As long as you stop, I'll cease my hunt." S: "Can you at least tell me who you are?" K: "That's unimportant" S: "That's the eighth time I've heard that thing today can someone just tell me their fucking name!!!" K: "Names have power, why should I give you that?" Sn: "Don't be a mysterious jackoff, just be a dick." S: "We'll stay out of your way if you stay out of ours. Whose side are you on?" K: "I'm on my own side. There are beasts on this path, I'm doing you a mercy." F: "So dreamy~" Sn: "What the fuck dude. I bet you'd be a sucker for The Shaft" S: "He was going to be, but The Shaft didn't have time."

We short rest to regain some health. Snipe and Faolan have an INT-off playing Dragonchess, Snipe wins. Sarai investigates the trickster shard, learns nothing, tries licking it. We decide to carry on the path. THERE'S A BIG FUCKOFF BEAST and some mintoaur zombies. Sarai and Faolan want to run away, but Snipe and Eragon, who haven't seen this thing before, want to fight. Sarai grumbles, gets out her exploding arrow. Snipe tries to cast fear on them, nothing happens. Eragon manages to javelin one of the zombies. Sarai runs quickly in front and shoots with exploding arrow, shoots another minotaur runs back to call for Israfil to go bite the minotaur she just hit. Big fuckoff monster teleports away to somewhere nearby. Minotaurs shamble forward, one attacks snipe but misses. Faolan grumbles about survival instinct, but runs up to saber-of-truth that minotaur. Snipe fireballs him to pieces.  Eragon runs forward to fl'axe one of the others a question. Sarai and Israfil attack him, too. Big guy shows up and says words/makes movements at Eragon, curses him with uselessness. The zombies are pretty useless anyway. Faolan murderizes one of them. Snipe summons hound, casts blindness on big guy. Hound attacks with facts and logic on beast, gets dinged 14, but doesn't get knocked prone. Sarai shoots the minotaur, and Israfil runs up to brun the big guy a little. The big guy calls out to a minotaur and its head is torn off its body, starting to fly demonically. He touches the hound and leaches some life from him. The last minotaur attacks Eragon. Faolan gets grumpy at all this new bullshit and destroys the head. Snipe chromatic orb(fire)s the big guy, hound facts-and-logics big guy. Eragon has been gaining power while cursed, so when he breaks through, he rolls three crit successes?! Sarai arrows the guy in the eye with hail of thorns, and he falls over dead.

> Across the cold desert air, we hear the words, "Heh heh, cuck."

Faolan fuckin destroys the last minotaur, blows on the tip of his sword, spins it around, and sheaths it again. Sarai finds a bit of GP on the minotaurs, the other three investigate the monster. It's bloated as if drowned, with a bare skull. They find a fetish on the end of its staff, like a tiny shriveled up minotaur head. Eragon suggests that they cut off its head and carry it with them, but refuses to carry it, leaving it to snipe to carry. Snipe borrows the cloak from Faolan and floats down with the (still kinda magical) skull like some awful Mary Poppins. Faolan falls down the cliff, while Eragon hops nimbly down on his tiptoes. We head on, with Snipe occasionally spraying the magical version of Axe Body Spray all over the skull to make it smell less.

We head through the desert until we can start to see Ard al'Abqar, with a single plume of smoke rising from the central area. The gate is being closed and the city being shut off, with even minotaurs being denied entry. We discuss floating in the river and going in the sewer entry, or commandeer a boat. We wait about an hour, then see something small coming down the river. We're going to send israfil to put them to sleep and then run up and confuse/attack. Israfil fall asleep and collapse in the boat. The dwarves are going to go grab it and Snipe is going to try and use mage hand nudge the boat closer to the shore. Faolan misses the boat and floats along side, while Eragon stops the boat. The kobolds fall into the water then get to the boat. Eragon and Snipe roll one minotaur over the edge, while Sarai and Faolan hold weapons at the other and promise they just need to get into the city, then he can have the boat back. We baaarely manage to steer the boat past the walls. We aim for the island and sorta bump up against the wall and nestles against the sewer. We pile into the sewer, and Sarai tosses the minotaur two silver and makes the motion for silence again and shoos him on. We end at the mouth of the sewer. Faolan's book on the uses of salt and Eragon's book of grudges are ruined.
