Sarai chills with Melo, Snipe does Snipe thing. Faolan goes looking for the alchemist and The Shaft. He sees a crowd looking down on the ground, approaches, small covered figure in the middle of the circle. Looks to be a dead kobold, surrounded by hookers, apparently The Shaft bought the farm. He tries to sleight of hand the body, but gets caught, says "The man could wield magic with others, and not just talking about arrows" hookers nod, "Came to brothels during evacuation, lay down fire until we could escape; when we saw him fall, he had several arrows sticking out of him" F "A hero to the end, you will be missed. Well, fuck." He finds the alchemist, who seems fine. F "Glad to see you alive, tis been chaos. Did you lose anything in the attack?" A "My shop was directly beneath the explosion. almost stayed with it, but thankful I did not" F "did you save the research?" no "A great deal was lost this day. Do you have anything to defend yourself with?" A "I have a dagger, and a few alchemical ingredients I could throw" F "You're welcome to come with us, if you want, cause some havoc on the upper end of the city" A "I'm going to evacuate ,but wish you the best of luck" F goes to see Sliscus, "I bring a message for Sliscus from one of the outposts" guards let him in. F "Greetings, glad you're well.  Came as soon as I could, but had urgent news" Sl "What's more urgent than me?" F "We came through an outpost, they have a live one" Sl "Oho! Hostages are always useful in this situation." F returns, we long-rest.

Sn catches the dwarves up, says he'll probably follow Sl for the pay. Sn "Have an idea about the prison. So far, when we sneak, everything goes wrong. If we just kill as many of them as quickly as possible, we should be able to do it more quickly than just taking them on one by one. I have a plan: Erogan should destroy the prison by brute force." E "On my own, or heading a group? How many guards do you think there will be?" Sn "I don't think it'll matter. I have a plan I'm pretty sure will work. ...There's...a chance...that you uh...won't do it. We'll go through it tomorrow. It's got a 75% chance of working" F "It's not my skin, so I'm for it." E "what if I don't want to?" Sl "Well, if that's the case, I'll just do it myself and take the glory of the fight for my own" E "I'M IN"

Sn brings the crazy minotaur head to Sl. Sl "What the fuck" Sn "Once you're out of the city, see if you can get together any wizard folks who can think of something to do with this" Sl "If you have a look around, you'll see the market for minotaur skulls is a bit oversaturated at the moment" Sn "It's not really a minotaur skull, it's one of those...demon nonsense things the other guys were talking about." Sl knocks the skull, nothing happens. "Why do you think I'd want this?" Sn "Dunno, just didn't want to throw it away." Sl "Don't have time to mess around with magical forces. People are going to have some questions as to why this operation failed, and I'm going to have to have a pretty good escuse as to why" Sn "You could always say outside magic" Sl "I've been pondering that" Sn "Use this as proof" Sl "You find the magic, I don't have time."

We hunt for beds, rest for the night, though occasional woken up by sounds of fighting. Sn leaves skull with Edina and Tov. Edina looks to skull, sn, skull, sn. "'kay. What is it?" Sn "Not a person" Ed "And I'm not a kobold" Tov "Where'd you get this?" Sn "A creature from hell" Tov "I believe it. Want me to throw it in the river" Sn "It's already been there" Tov "Do you want me to throw it back?" Sn "looking to sell it, actually" Tov "Well, it'll give me something to do"

F has been loaded into a boat??? F "knife ears... Where the fuck am I?" Elves "You were sleeping in our bed??? You were sound asleep, didn't want to wake you."

S goes to find Lorien along with a group of four elves. Israfil follows along, which shocks the elves, saying "Lorien was right! She does have the dragon!" S "We were talking with someone at kholeno who said it would be best if Israfil were destroyed" Elves indignant. L "Who?" S "She was just a member of the Qabal" L "Tell me more about her" S "She was a member of the qabal, crow who got better, experimented on by human etc" L "Do not listen to the crows, here wear this" hands over silver bracelet. S "Before I put this on, what is it?" L "protection from foul energies like the dreams you've been having" S puts it on, feels different, as if some strange weight has been lifted and can think more clearly of a sudden, she can still make goodberries. +1 to wisdom. S "We were given and told about the other half of the trickster shard" L "Can I see this?" S shows, L says "This does indeed seem to be the real deal. It's a small artifact with magics to help keep them safe occasionally. Tales of arrows sure to hit their mark but missed, or daggers where the strike was true, would somehow still miss the mark" S "We're off to...investigate some trouble at the prison. Will keep your earlier request in mind." Meets up with others, gives Other Trickster Shard to Faolan.

As we poke our head above ground, it's early evening. We pass without a trace, but only narrowly, as Erogan asserts dominance from hidden. Sn "Alright, do exactly as I say, Erogan, and you'll be able to kill a half dozen guards in a fell swoop." E "Why did you move your hands like that? What did you do?" Sn "Gave you the ability to fly. Just jump and don't fall down" They fly up toward the third floor, avoiding the windows, though Snipe spies Ira in the room. Sn "This won't hurt, but you're going to drop through the roof on Ira, and you'll get to kill him when he's surprised." E hovers above the room while Snipe parks on the roof. Sn subtly casts polymorph on E, who turns into an african bull elephant and crashes through the roof

> Roll 66d6, plus 10d6 per...fuck this, just tell me how much they weigh without a blurb about how they're dying! Wait...forty times four, so that's 160d6. That's...564 damage. You have killed Ira, luckily, and fallen through the floor...and the floor before. The elephant takes...14 damage

There's a massive fucking african elephant lying in a pile of rubble on the ground floor. All guards are dead. S and F rush up toward the Eraphant and rubble. Someone shoots the Eraphant but it doesn't do much. Sn tries to flip off the roof, but mostly just falls. E charges into the prison and smashes up a guard, who tries to run away, but gets killed in the process. S and F continue to run up. Minotaur runs up and tries to animal-handling Eraphant. Snipe dodges a thing and firebolts a guy. Not much damage being done to the elephant. Sarai and Israfil run in, Israfil kills two minotaurs in one go with fire. Good Dwaggin. Assassin shoots/poisons elephant. Snipe firebolts assassin. Erephant takes out a pillar, and the upper floors start to tilt crazily, and the floor where the Eraphant fell is cracked. Sarai and Israfil kill assassin, Faolan runs in to fail to saber-of-truth the guy. Minotaurs run up to try and kill a bunch of folks. Snipe runs back and drops polymorph. Minotaurs hit each other in confusion. Faolan takes 10 dmg. Erogan runs up and accidentally hits Sarai, but then hits the two minotaurs. Sarai swings and hits Erogan in return, then swords the minotaur, Israfil bites another. Min hits friend, then F for half w uncanny dodge. Erogan swats at mintoaru running up, kills another, attacksagain to kill him, hits other guy, takes second wind. Snipe runs up and casts fear on minotaurs  in front of faolan fails. S hears minotaur yelling "kill the capitalist scum" and goes for snipe, but misses. Minotaur runs up, shoves corpse out of the way, spears E for a bunch of damage. S kills  minotaur, israfil chomps another for crit success. Faolan misses minotaur, runs to hide by Snipe. Minotaurs attack israfil (miss) faolan (hits). E kills minotaur, hits another. sn firebolts. s swords minotaur, I firebreaths minotaurs for a tiny it of damage. Faolan kills minotaur, steps up to the other. E pastes minotaur, runs to help sn. Sn does 30 fire damage to minotaur, but she's on last legs, she misses her attack. S thoughts-n-prayers the three. F destroys remaining minotaur.

We all run into the prison area: S and F make it to door, E and Sn fall down  into the area, where there's a demon. Sn casts haste on himself and E. F picks lock. Four elves+Lorien run in and start shooting at minotaur, L urging S and F on. S and F run through to stairs, T&P following. We see the other demon, who casts darkness in the halway and disappears. E runs to demon tries to fl'axe and accidentally throws it, then misses twice w sword. Sn runs up to firebolt demon. Demon misses all attacks against E. From upstairs, we can hear fire and explosions, then L yelling and a massive explosion. S runs up to arrow demon twice, but there's a magical armor which is halving the damage. I flies close to demon. F misses shortbowing demon, but yells tips to Sn. Other demon moves darkness on top of S and F. E hits for quite a bit, but also still shielded, but is now in fear. Sn firebolts it, then fades into darkness like a bawss. Demon runs away. S and F run up, but the demon moves darkness on top of F and E. E runs to grab the fl'axe, breaks the door down to see minotaur who submits. Sn gets thieves tools to go for door, but part of the pick breaks off. S runs up to E. F opens a door, but minotaur hides, so F hides too. Darkness moves over E and S, demon appears and swings at Sn, misses. E runs to next door and breaks that down, minotaur hides, E tries talking in common, elvish, and draconic, makes him angry. Sn summons hound of ill omen (enemy cannot hide). Demon appears, hits S for 24 damage, disappears. Hound hits with facts and logic, demon falls prone. Sarai heals herself and runs toward E. F runs up and saber-of-truths demon, shows the conservative commentator wolf some arguments to own the libtards. Demon moves darkness over F, Sn, wolf, stands, moves, provoking AoE from wolf, hits, falls prone again. E attacks door w fl'axe, which accidentally embeds in the door, misses with sword, tries to headbutt and takes damage. Sn runs out and shoots blindly into darkness, missing. Demon appears behind E hits twice. S hail of thorns the demon, misses and hits herself, then shoots E, calls out to minotaur to help but fails. I fire breaths demon. Faolan misses demon in darkness, but calls out minotaurs to come help fight. From somewhere in the prison, we hear Augt yell "HOW THE FUCK DID YOU GET HERE?" E yells back "I'm going to build this table with BALSA WOOD" . E kills demon, works on freeing Augt. Sn firebolts demon, moves in to whack, misses. Hound attacks demon. Sarai moves toward Augt and sends I to attack other demon. F attacks demon for a good bit of damage, tells hound hints. Demon attacks Sn, misses. E steps aside says, "Sure is a lot of high quality walnut out here.." (crit persuades, Augt busts door down) "It's in (the room where he lost the fl'axe)". A "Oh, hey, you two! where's Faolan?" Sn kills demon.

We go hunting for folks. Find Hotak from pt 4, tells us about keys, storage. We find some good stuff for the minotaurs, a dagger, a longsword+1. Augt and Faolan hug.

S goes and gets general Columbari, elf (who looks suspicious at mention of Lorien and storms off). C follows S as she opens all the cells, calling to men to sound jovial. There's a bunch of minotaurs, some kobolds. Augt finds some of his stuff again.

I wants to light A on fire, S tells him no. Tradition to light minotaurs on fire, but not this one. Tradition to light dwarves on fire, but we shouldn't. I says that's a complicated tradition, S says kobolds are simple, it's the commie cows that are complicated, we just don't want to be killed (and this one in particular is nice). Dwarves are just annoying. I: "Yes, Sarai"

A has been doing the Oldboy thing and training up, Sn becomes NPC
