---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Head to the sewers

Erogan and Faolan find the crown, treastures of Saul. Erogan's old armorer fixes up his sword, mentions that the crown looks fine, but something is missing. Spot for jewel in the front

Sarai and Snipe run into Sliscus in the hall, talk about explodey-head scroll, see if they can get to a translator to read spy cant. Find guy, but he says 800gp, doesn't want to get back into that world. Sliscus goes in - argument, then screaming. Sliscus comes out, says he'll be much more amenable. Sarai goodberries him. He'll be done in a few hours, says "Tell the serpent I helped".

Erogan wants to challenge guy holding the crown. Decapitates him. Asks armorer to look to see what's wrong with it. Says something is missing. It's authentic according to priest, but maybe not so simple.  They go for wine. Priest would like to help, but is old. The kobolds ask about the treasures, Saul scattered the treasures around, left clues referencing Book of Patriarchs.

Saul's Items:

* Turuq Saghir: "He who walks with the wise grows wise. Those who trusts fools suffer harms." (Aaran 298)
* Aijtimae: "Give me your song of your songs, for it belongs to Solomon." (Solomon 1:1)
* Zarqa: "Who shut up the sea behind doors when it bust forth from the womb?" (Ancestors 2001)
* Ard Alshali - "Whoever loves money never has enough; whoever loves wealth is never satisfied with their income. This to is meaningless" (Malachi 562)
* Munjim: "Call to me, the lord, and I will tell you great and mighty things which you cannot know." (Seth 802)

Once all five are gathered, bearer must walk to portal in Manajim Almulih, deepest part of the city where one talks to god. Then they can call assembly of dwarven people headed by next patriarch, all obliged to listen. Priest goes on his way, Faolan doesn't trust the guy, thinks Erogan just wants power. Kobolds just roll their eyes.

Arcana check on crown. Something trapped in it. Longing for something, wants something, feels neutral.

We drink.

Translation: movement of troops/supplies, note with info about cloak (protects against fall once a day). Translator privy to some information about prison transport. Note says "Tihan told me to do something I don't understand", don't go looking for her, she's fucking crazy. Raised in desert, now v important to military. Lives in the slums, carries spear, looks old. There was also a dwarven smith who was taken to a coffeeshop, you can take them there to hide.

Are we going to go for smithy or Tihan?

She doesn't report to anyone except maybe guy who fucked with Faolan and took ring, has some auth over Arahn (master of assassins), who may have some idea where she is. Going to go get smithy, ask guard about Arahn/Tihan while there.

We're drunk, might as well do so. Faolan and Snipe get to coffeeshop, still lit, guards there. Built into cliff face. We're just gonna fucking storm the place, despite being full of guards and assassins. Erogan and Faolan sneak in invisible while snipe and sarai sneak up toward the entrance
