---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Large caravan has shown up to Munjim to do various forms of trade - carts outside - on our way to see king (Makyo/Kaze) - Doxi with king

Enter into the throne room, king sat there with advisors - jovial, casual, jewel-encrusted

Sarai brings grain and gold

Augt brings wood carvings

King unimpressed by sales pitch, wondering why we're there - really - persuasion check

King sort of convinced that that Sarai's honest, but not really want to trade "to think we might want beer from a lizard and a cow - going to have to do better than that"

King wants to hear Augt play. Augt brings out lute and Sarai helps by clapping along. King takes strange delight over a pretty mediocre performance

Performance has been amusing, can have a night to think about it in guest house for a better deal

As we leave, there's an elf in fine robes on a palanquin being carried in, offering much more to trade.

Eragon brought along to help "guard the guests" of Sarai and Augt.

Sarai goes out to look for emeralds and finds some interest out there, makes a bit of money.

Augt finds a tree being cut down and being auctioned off, current bid is way too high. Augt and Eragon head to a bar to figure out what the upcoming big event is. Posh district. Eragon heads straight for the bartender (crit). Bartender doesn't know all the details: trade wasn't materials - single palanquin came through with most heavily armed guards carrying strange object (box, tome, scroll, something?). No one knows when this big event is going to happen; whatever he's done will bring unprecedented riches to the land.

Augt and Eragon go looking for the guild. Eragon rolls a 4 and they wander around for 2 hours. Augt finds it on his own - tiny place with only a few dwarves - asks to speak with guildmaster, who wants to help, but isn't the most popular guild. Their work is very utilitarian, not very pretty. There's a city to the west, Aleawalim, which carves wood with salt.

Everyone in the city on the way back is all worked up into a fervor over what's going on, jealous of us being close to it.

Back to rest. Sarai fits fine, Augt is too big, sleeps on the floor. As in bed, hear noise getting louder and louder, then huge bang on door. Hear the king saying "Open the door, quick!"

The king falls through the door, pushes the door shut, and bars the door closed with his axe. "Are you armed? Put those on, you'll need them. We were tricked, we were lied too, there's blood everywhere."

Sturdy door starting to buckle, hear screams, people dying, fire. Everyone gets our weapons and armor. King rips off the sheets of a bed to reveal a secret passageway.  Upstairs, it sounds like the door might only hold for an hour or so. King says he doesn't think They are capable of using battering rams, his own men turned on each other and then him. "This is an ancient passage that will let us escape."

We see dwarves in the room, but they're all fucked up. Glowing blue eyes and you can't hear what they're saying. They all turn toward us, so we all draw our weapons/bow. "Never send peasants to do a king's job," king says and attacks Dwarf-1 with rapier, misses. Dwarf-1 misses back. All others move to king and attack.

Augt runs over and deals a bunch of damage to one of the bad dwarves.

Sarai moves down a bit and shoots shortbow to do some damage to nearest dwarf.

Eragon, using Bardic Inspiration from Augt, kills one of the dwarves by the king.

King gets dinged for 6, then repaired for 5 by Augt healing

Augt takes out a guy, followed by Sarai critting a guy, followed by Eragon critting a guy. King then takes out last dwarf.

King says, "The exact same thing happened in the throne room. Began after reading scroll that elf guy gave to him, which Elf said would bring unprecedented riches."

The ceiling gives out and, comes crashing through, lands a large dwarf in a pile of rubble. It's Faolan, pretending to investigate the foundations (Faolan crits, Augt believes him.)

King says, "Oh for fuck's sake, do not believe his lies."

Faolan: "I see you have the sacred cow with you, that's good. I heard reports of foundations breaking down, so I thought I'd investigate. That'll cost you a pretty penny." Introduces himself.

Run into a dwarf in the passage, Faolan kills.

In the next chamber, we run into two more dwarves.
* Faolan goes to attack the zombie, misses critically and hits the king for 6 instead.
* Augt kills that dwarf.
* Eragon beans the remaining dwarf.
* Sarai aims for him and misses due to pile of lumber.
* Faolan kills him.

Augt heals king.

Augt finds one log of good wood, takes that

Faolan bars door with pickax, then bars next door with hammer, then finds ball bearings in boxes.

Three more dwarves:
* Sarai misses
* Faolan stabs one in the eye, dwarf ignores it
* Augt gets attacked, then gores dwarf and kills it
* Eragon kills a dwarf with greatsword of cleansing
* Sarai kills the last dwarf

Run into elf in last room, surprised to see everyone there. "It's too late, no one will get out." Eragon tries to intimidate, and does ok, but elf casts a spell in return, but Eragon crit succeeds, so elf is super intimidated. Eragon rushes in and strikes with greatsword with advantage, cut a giant slash across his chest.

Three dwarves:
* Faolan and Sarai dispatch one dwarf
* Augt headbutts elf for a bit of damage, gives bardic inspiration to Eragon
* King runs forward and hits elf with rapier
* Elf fails casting spell
* Eragon kills elf with greatsword of greatness

Elf falls to the ground, spasming, then fucking explodes into a demon lord
* Eragon hits demon from the other side
* Demon attacks king, hits hard
* Sarai gives everyone advantage with Grovel, Cower, & Beg
* Augt gives bardic inspiration to Faolan (both Faolan and Eragon have it)
* Dwarf Minions attack king, one hits
* Eragon vaporizes a dwarf minion
* Faolan hits dwarf
* Sarai kills last dwarf
* Augt deals psychic damage by yelling 'your mum' really loud
* Eragon misses
* Faolan hits with sneak attack
* Sarai misses
* Augt deals psychic damage with a louder 'your mum'
* King (now nearly dead) hits the demon
* Demon kills king
* Faolan hits king
* Sarai hits demon
* Augt fails at yelling 'gay' really loud
* The demon kills the king (Faolan secretly happy about his secret not getting out)
* Sarai misses
* Augt tries to convince demon that king is still alive, hits for 2
* Faolan murders the shit out of the demon

King has just enough life left over to say "Find Rola Tabsh Jaroudi, he did this, avenge me." Faolan loots king in secret and gets signet ring. Others find some papers including a signature

We loot the next room, Sarai finds a fine bottle of wine worth more than all of us have ever made in our lives. Augt finds a rug. Faolan finds some hemp rope.

Everyone gains 600XP, levels up to level 2
