---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Wake up to some folks looking super angry at us.

"Why did you attack us?"

"Defending ourselves."

"Do you have any idea who I am?"

"Nope!"

"You've seriously never heard of Hotak the Jackal?"

"Seriously, nope."

"Why have you come to the north on your own? I can't believe it."

"We're in desperate need for some cash, and we heard about these spices in Fustat."

"How much did you see?"

"Not much."

"You fucked up my deal and killed some of my best men. Do you have any compensation?"

"If we could take down your best men, clearly you need better men."

"I saw you fuck up my dudes, are you really just travelers?"

"Dude, we're just on our own, we came from Munjim. It blew up."

"Wat. You don't seem completely unreasonable, but you don't seem completely trustworthy. I was selling spices before you fucked up my trade. Perhaps we could cut a deal?"

"Price?"

"First of all, you'll have to tell me the absolute truth. Who sent you and what for? I want names."

"I'm Larry, that's Frank, that's Eric, and behind me is Xanax the kobold! \*crit fail\*"

"\*draws scimitar\* I want a name now, who sent you and why did you come up here? I don't believe anyone could come missing the encampment of dwarves and stumble on my camp."

"We didn't know!"

"Knowing there's a disaster in Munjim, you decide to come after dwarves and kill our men?"

"It's hard times! We're desperate and stupid!"

"I do believe that you're stupid... I may have a proposition for you. If you help me ambush this caravan, I'll give you a share of the loot, 25/75? If you hadn't killed my men, I'd be more generous. Take 25 or I'll kill you now. There will be three or four carts. if there's 4, I'll give you one cart plus the horse."

"Do you want to kill anyone?"

"One. My fucking bitch of an ex."

"I assume the breakup was bad."

"She stole everything from me, just trying to get back what's mine. My guild, my papers, had society turn against me."

"What's her name? I'm a trader."

"Have you heard of Kandake?"

> Don't worry, you've convinced everyone in the game that you're stupid.
>
> --GM

"We heard of her in Fustat."

"If you've heard of her, surely you know how cold and black her heart is. With Fustat being a mess, we heard she's packing up her trading operation and moving back to Ardu. I'm going to ambush her as she leaves. If she dies, I'll give you one cart of goods."

"If we take point, can we get 50?"

"I'll give you one cart, and if you take point, I'll give you your choice of crates/boxes from other carts up to 25 of another cart."

"We accept!"

"Well, this worked out better than I thought. Wait for half an hour, we're going to get our stuff and meet you here in a [long rest]."

Eragon kills a wild dear by beheading a wild deer.

"What's the signal that we (Hotak) should attack?"

"Augt will blow his horn"

We see the Caravan, they see us but don't know we're attacking. Sarai uses Hail of Thorns and hunter's mark and shortbow, hits Kandake for 12, horse for 5. Dog is not on board with this and attacks Faolan. Kandake moves behind horse and attacks Sarai with stunning arrows, hitting her, stunned for a turn. Eragon attacks dog, misses. Captain appears Faolan and misses. Augt casts Faerie Fire and lights the place up blue. Elves hit Sarai for 9. Uhask misses.

Dog attacks Eragon and hits, does 8 damage. Kandake puts hunter's mark on Uhask, attacks, misses. Eragon kills the goddamn stupid fucking piece of shit dog. Guards scatter, one attacks Eragon. Faolan arrows a dude. Augt sleeps a dude and alerts the troops.

Sarai beans Kandake for 6, she beans Uhask for 12, and he's fucking hurting. Eragon swings and misses. Couple of misses from dudes. Faolan hits a guy and then goes and hides. Hotak goes to yell at Kandake, who catches him in ensnaring strike, is now restrained, and drops his weapon. Eragon cleaves a guy in half. Faolan tries to yell at a guy, fails, and runs away. That guy attacks Eragon, hits for 6. Hotak throws javelin, misses.

Sarai hits Kandake hard. Eragon misses an attack on a dude. Faolan runs out toward the battle. NPC kills a guy. Augt longswords Kandake, healing words Hotak.

Sarai nearly kills an elf. Kandake upset, attacks Augt for 2. Hotak is going to get out of the trap, is just confusedly yelling at everything angrily as he hunts for his sword. Uhask shoots guy, misses, almost hits Eragon. Faolan knifes a sleeping guy to death. Augt swords Kandake to death.

Hotak hugs Augt, says, "That was a great strike," then goes and kicks Kandake. Augt pulls him away. "You can have her stuff, deal's still on." Kandake has: leather armor, bowblade, 35 arrows, 2 stunning arrows, merchants note, 2 rations, 10 torches, perfume, caltrops, c
