---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

To the two captured people, Eragon: "What was your destination?" \*intimidation\* "Gonna write your name in a book"

"Going to Abqar, then to amaroq to get to the main trading office. Trying to liquidate our assets and run."

Sarai, "Can you tell us about the beef between Hotak and Kandake?"

"Not while Hotak is around."

"Kandake wanted kids, but didn't know Hotak was only half-elf, which would make it impossible."

> Casual misogyny and racism all in one!

Find some sumac.

"Fustat's been destroyed, why let us go?"

"Wat"

"Before we left, horrible creatures started emerging from the walls and killing people, so we ran."

"Can I use Hotak as my mount?"

"Lets go to Ard Al'abqar"

9 people heading to Ard Al'abqar. We give the prisoners 4 days rations and tell them to fuck off. Bros before hos. 50 rations, Salted beef, 4 chests of sumac. Go through 1/8 sumac, all of rations, some salted beef.

Sarai finds a MOTHERFUCKING HONEY BADGER FUCK YEAH. She names it The Donald.

Lots of dwarves sitting outside Ard Al'abqar looking despondent. Minotaur guard says "No refugees"

Augt: "We're just traveling merchants"

Guard: "You and the capitalist whore (Sarai) can come in; do the dwarves have merchants' papers?"

There's some shuffling of papers, including scroll of pedigree. Guard looks for superior, Eragon investigates other dwarves for friends, finds they're all poor anyways, but two elderly vets who have nothing to say to him. Guard lets Eragon in because of pedigree. Faolan sorta talks his way in by saying he's Eragon's brother.  We get in, Hotak lines up next.

If we want to sell anything, we have to take it by the bureau of trade to get it investigated because they're all commies.

Bureau: "Comrade! I'm sure with times being as they are, you wouldn't mind donating some of this. Salted beef is contraband, we don't allow these bourgeois delicacies."

Faolan: "You could say that's a lot of bull..."

"Will take 1/4 of your turmuric and your contribution of 3 gp"

Sarai gives 10gp to help their standing.
