---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Break of a new day. Morale is low, Kaze is recovering, general is mustering to assess the situation. Eragon has an idea about improving morale. "Due to my position, I want to make sure I give as much and then some back. I've learned crafts. I can craft some beer for your men." General is dubious. Eragon wants to discuss something, but general is grumpy and hides in tent.

Faolan pulls Eragon aside, tells him about worm on bridge and flying thing. He tries to convince him of them despite propensity toward Truth Nuggets. "We need to work together. The chaos is fun, but this shit is getting serious." "Get me my position back." "We tried. They still don't really like you. I can help still!" "If I need my shoes shined, I'll let you know."

Sarai asks a minotaur. "What the fuck happened?" "Probably the result of capitalism." "While I'm not going to discount that-" "You'd be wise not to discount the horrors of capitalism." \*sage nods\* "So what were those?" "We came out here to investigate and find out why trade was drying up, and all we found was this." Sarai explains what happened in Munjim. She looks and raises an eyebrow, "This is grim news. Have you told our Lord?" "I left that up to Eragon." "This is way above my paygrade \*leaves\*"

> Well done, Nancy Pelosi.

Sarai makes some goodberries, everyone gets two, even the dog. We wake up after a short rest. Columbari calls us out to the center. Low morale. "Last night, we lost many of our comrades. But, they did not die in vain. The bridge was destroyed, so the enemy will have to take a costly detour. That will give us time to head back and prepare. All of are heroes of the revolution. Even the kobold will be elevated from filthy whore to regular whore. This dwarf (Eragon), while lacking the strength and character of a minotaur, still did good. Augt is a true hero. When we return, you shall be rewarded as a hero. As shall of you. We should immediately grab as much as we can and warn the polit." Sarai offers some space on the cart to help bring stuff back. She's raised to the status of 'escort'.

We make good pace on the way back. We travel for the rest of the day and stop to camp. Eragon tries to talk to the general about the stuff in the politburo. Starts hyping up unity. He approves of these ideas of worldwide revolution. Eragon suggests Columbari stay outside the city for a bit until he gets polit guy arrested. It goes poorly.

Augt makes an Okay™ flute. He plays a hearty song that lifts everyone's spirits (rolls a 25!), everyone loves it. The minotaurs are warming to Sarai after she starts having fun pretending to hate capitalism. Everyone loves Augt~ Eragon tries to play chess with Columbari. Meanwhile, he talks about the relationship between the party and the minotaurs. Eragon wins handily, Columbari says "gg" and fucks off.

We reach the city and raise our standards. People come out to see. Eragon tries to convince Columbari. Sarai overhears (and Nancy behaves). The general gets greeted by polit and tells them what happened, and praises Augt. They ask what Augt would like. Augt requests that the carpentry and woodcarvers not be combined.

We head into the city and up through the streets to the politburo headquarters. Faolan and Sarai hear screaming and cries of 'witchcraft from the crowds behind'. Guards from the walls start brandishing crossbows at party. Sarai and Faolan see one of our enchanters showing off fire. Sarai gasps and moves away, making a show of it. Polit asks Columbari how this could happen, he's just as surprised, says power started manifesting on the way to the battle, explains that it was helpful, but the polit isn't having it. Augt suggests imprisonment/containment rather than killing them. Good check, so they say they'll give them trial, and have the enchanters arrested. They order the crowd to disperse and the combined parties to the polit to hear reports.

We're told to stay together, we'll be last. Said wants to interview Eragon privately. "Why is Columbari alive?" "He eluded us." "How?" "Guards. There's no way we could have overpowered that." "Did you not kill him in the battle?" "still, people." "Would you be willing to testify against him?" "In a world where demons are flying about-" "Demons?" "That's what we saw." "If you have any hope of winning my favor, you will testify against him when called upon"

Eventually, they say it's our turn. "Give us your account of events." Augt explains the ravaged bodies and the town, along with the plan to destroy the bridge and how we took the bomb to the bridge. Polit: "We're aware that the bridge has been destroyed." Augt tries to explain the concept of the enemy being living dead, along with creatures not of this world. Faolan explains the centipede creature. They believe him and start writing things down. Said asks about witchcraft, points to Eragon. "I saw it, it's dangerous." Faolan: "Regardless of where they came from, they had ample opportunity to hurt us, but they didn't, they helped us." "We have no ideas of the intentions of sorcerers." "And yet you would destroy them?" Some agree, some say better safe than sorry. Augt: "exactly, hold them prisoner and maybe use them if they can be used." "We've heard enough, we'll make a decision ourselves." We get led out.

Sarai was the only one who saw the leader wasn't there. Sarai casually brings this up, and the guard says, "Sick."

Kavari shows up and Eragon bows, "What honors us with your visit?" "I want to speak to Eragon in private. (then) What the fuck is going on? you were going to save him, but now he's assumed guilty of witchcraft" "I tried to save him, Said wants him dead" "I know, he's been arguing that!" "I tried to protect him" "You gave them the ammunition they need to convict him in the trial" "Due to the differences in the way we do things, I didn't realize that was a trial" "I don't know what's going on anymore with you and your schemes" "I've been trying to help my people, but that's been sabotaged by people like Said." Kavari paces, says, "I'll reason with you here. When you approached me about Said's request, I already had suspicions about Said. I'll level with you, Columbari's going to die for harboring witchcraft." "Dang, I like him" "I like him, but it's decided. I can't be caught looking into Said anymore. If you have any intentions of saving Columbari/the revolution, look into Said."

We're led to the town square. We see a polit member in the middle of the square saying, "For the crime of witchcraft, Columbari will stand trial. Based on what we judge, we will consider putting him to death. Then we will be having a public consideration for the possible uses of tame witches. Before then, any witches must come forward for a chance of clemency. Anyone who is hidden, regardless of the decision, will be executed for defying the law." Augt is going to turn himself in in the hope that being a hero will help. The crowd looks in shock to put Augt in stocks. The polit member says, "Very good. Your willingness to come forward will be taken into account at the hearing."

> You're too good for this land.

Kavari brings us back to his house. "The results of the hearing have already been decided. There's been growing sentiment that perhaps these people can be useful, even among the council, but the witches are too dangerous. They're being taken to the prison where they're likely being tortured right now. I've already met your friend, but I figured I should tell you." "Is there any way we can help?" "There's not really anything you could do." "What is to become of us?" "If the world is as it was described in the trial, then your best bet would be to run." Faolan liked Augt. "Said has been acting odd of late. I've been getting desperate, I have no idea who I can turn to at this point. Ever since Leader got sick, the polit has been going nuts." Faolan: "Sick, huh? Really?" "I'd be lying if I hadn't considered that it might be poison, myself." "What kind of poison? Is there an antidote?" "I have no idea about these things." "Would the sympathizers be brave enough to work together?" "There's nothing we can do without evidence." "What will you and the other sympathizers do?" "Depends. If it goes poorly, then, my friends, you'll have to run and I'll most likely die." "Maybe we can get into the prison." "No fucking way. You'd need a plan. I can't help. You're welcome to use this as a safe-house. I'd search Said's office, perhaps one of you would brave it?"

Faolan and Sarai consider blinking into the room with Nancy (Faolan has good Stealth, and Sarai can keep watch) while Eragon distracts Said. We don't sound *super* sold on this. Nancy needs line of sight to where she's teleporting. We find the pantry pretty full, rope and backpacks.

We head out looking for Said. Eragon asks a guard to see him, guards at the gate ask their business. He's brought into the office where he tries to play chess. Faolan sneaks in, but Sarai is left outside. Said seems amused, wants to crush a dwarf. Faolan makes it down the hallways, gets spotted once and hides in a vase, then dashes out behind them. Eragon tries to convince Said to play extended chess, fails, but in the process, Said sounds/looks demonic when saying he doesn't have time. Faolan attempts to climb up, fails and crashes down, guards and Said inside are alerted. Said says, "guards, arrest him!" Eragon dashes to the desk. Faolan attempts to flee, but passes another set of guards, yelling, "You're all gay frogs!" Eragon finds a small stack of paperwork and a letter. Sarai is aware of where the room is, but the blinds are closed. Eragon opens the letter as Said is running after Faolan, but it's in a strange language he's never seen. Faolan kicks open the door and runs out into the city. Eragon brute-forces the chest behind the desk open, finds some weird stuff, including a strange gold amulet with jewels. He hears Said. Eragon jumps down a trap door, on a ladder in pitch dark area. He climbs down the ladder, about 20ft before he feels the ground. He lights the torch, hearing Said asking where the other dwarf is. Eragon sees strange symbols carved in the walls, an altar covered in blood, and books. He can hear running water behind a wall and some of the stones there are loose. There's the sound of the trapdoor and light above. Eragon causes a LOT OF DAMAGE to the the wall, dashes into the sewer. Hears Said saying "Go after him, no one find out about. Tabsh must not hear about this!"

Eragon makes it through the sewers smelling bad, hunts for Kavari. Asks a guard to point him to parliament, then to a scribe, but she doesn't know. Wanders the alley looking for the safe house. Guards are on high alert looking for kobold/two dwarves. Sarai and Faolan meet up in front of the polit and Sarai runs away, Faolan gets grabbed. Sarai holds up, shoots the guard, and Faolan gets away, so the two can run. Eragon is wandering around and feels the ground give way slightly, and falls down into the sewer, landing on his feet. His vision is blurry, but sees small figures dragging him away. Sarai and Faolan manage to evade guards and try and make it back to the safe house.

Doxy is dragged through the sewers into a cylindrical room filled with short, slender figures. They say: "Welcome to the true revolution." they're very short, very slender, long ass tails. There's market stalls filled with kobolds selling stuff to shady minotaurs. "Why don't you speak to our CEO?" There's a bunch of luxuries and goods and different black market products. Eragon has to kinda squeeze in. there's a kobold drinking some booze and enjoying a cigar. Eragon: "You are such a sight for sore eyes after so many \*spits\* communists" "We've been watching you for a while, you seem possessed of many talents. We may be able to help one another. The Leader of the minotaurs has been poisoned, and by one of his own. We're aware of Said and who he's working with, but oh well. We may have had contact with various members of the council from time to time, and they're sympathetic" "Do you need someone to fill a power vacuum?" "We're going to like each other. We need to see if we can trust you. We've had a man captured. We need someone to break in and free them. We need someone to help overthrow the current regime and install a...reformer. Not you. We need a minotaur from the polit so the people don't freak. Someone who can slowly rip away at the revolutionary until they open up markets. The prisoners need to be freed to destabilize. We need you to break in, find our man, and create enough chaos among the secret police for us to make our move. We know a man to help. My people have been waiting for generations to put an end to this foolish political experiment. We'll escort you back to the house and your companions."

A kobold leads Eragon back to the safe house. He greets Sarai. Says, "My scouts have been following you ever since you came into the city. You seemed to get along well with the ruling class up until recent events. Your group seems like you're unconnected to my network, an excellent sort to cause chaos in the city for us to put my guy in charge. *First, you must free the mages from Makaravat (prison) and the general. From my information, Said is connected to, shall we say, wider events. You must infiltrate prison within thirty days, we'll be able to assist you but not direct help. Once our guy is in power, capture Said and bring him to me. If you require assistance, look for my agents, and we may be able to provide you with access to our wares. I'm sure you'll be capable of it. Now, in all your plans, you must not kill Amir Muhabain. He is our ideal replacement for the polit. Do this, and I'm sure my organization would be willing to work with you in the future and handsomely reward you for your services. I'll return here in 31 days to check on your progress.*"

Eragon catches up the group about the basements. Eragon shows letter, Sarai says it's nothing she knows, and she knows it's not elvish or anything. There is a crest in the upper left hand corner, which we recognize as an elvish symbol. Sarai gives Nancy 22 happy pets.
