---
---

We stealth back to a sewer, but Eragon clanks and clinks the whole way there and alert the guards. The minotaur gets us out of it.

> Radical situations require radical solutions.

> Radical solutions such as...tolerance?

Eragon talks about the plot for the general, Snipe backs up with the stuff about Said being held prisoner with a doppelgänger. Rosea asks about the coffee shop, explain that Tov was prisoner to forge weapons for someone, guards? Tov accounts for one, but there are many hundreds of reports of missing dwarves. Snipe mentions carts, Tihan. She knows Tihan works for Ira, but stays out of that, is dangerous. Faolan mentions the elven king as someone to mistrust, Rosea gets surprised. Sarai mentions scroll king read in Munjim came from him. Strange events in Al Abqar started shortly after he came through. Snipe says maybe Said would know, but the real Said. Best not to know where he is, because it would be dangerous. We ask how we can get in touch with her or how she can get in touch with us, she marks her home in central distribution. Rosea pulls Faolan aside, says "dispose of these guards, they're not great." Faolan passes it on in draconic. Eragon doesn't speak it, but does distract the guards.

We attack the guards after Rosea heads up the ladder. We dispatch them handily. Israfil is a v. good boye. Israfil and Nancy get minotaur snacks. Faolan notices the other dwarves that showed up in the boat chatting among themselves, goes and chats with them. They want beer, dwarves of the faith, Faolan heads back. Sarai was a good kobold, giving berries. Tov and Edina meet up. Edina slaps Eragaon for going to coffee shop when she told him to stay away. We have tea (except Eragon, who's a naughty dwarf). Israfil gets some. Minotaurs took over the fl'eghks factory and stole Tov, no real fl'eghks left.

We go to Sliscus to talk about Said. We explain how Rosea said Rolatabsh met with Said and Ira. Sliscus says he's from an old elven family. Sliscus says don't dig deeper, even he wouldn't like to be on the wrong side of him. Snipe: If Ira and Said's double were dealing with R, then getting on their wrong side, it's the same thing, which is what we're doing. Sliscus: if I knew that's who we're dealing with, I would've reconsidered. He has the court at his beck and call. He's very influential, in an indirect way. He could affect trade routes to influence me and make me starve. Messing with him wouldn't be advisable, but I suppose we've already started. Snipe: we still going through with prison break? Sliscus: no idea how it'd affect him, but I'm fearful for the unintended consequences it would produce. Snipe: can we talk to Said about this? Sliscus: he's still in a condition to talk, I guess. We follow him down through a labyrinth, metal doors, unlocks it and we see a bandaged up minotaur bandaged up by candlelight. Said: You people! Faolan: Enjoying your stay? Said: what the fuck do you want? Snipe: answers. We want to know what you know about R. Said: I met with him right before I was kidnapped with Ira. Unexceptional conversation, but as he was leaving, I found myself as you found me. He was passing through on the way to Munjim. Snipe: that elf was, as far as we know, responsible for the destruction of munjim. Ira is the person who orchestrated your capture, so whatever might have happened in those conversations might be important to the situation we're in. Said: when R was passing through, he brought strange cargo that Ira saw, but a lot of it didn't sit right with me. Looked to be cages covered in silk, large boxes that seemed to shift when you weren't looking at them too long. Perhaps animals, did think it was strange. Ira told me they were gifts for the king of munjim. Sarai: maybe you were just a handy minotaur to replace with a puppet, so the conversations could be meaningful. Said: matters of state you ought not be privy too. Snipe: could they be subversive things? Said: of course discussed that, every meeting with the polit is subversive as a matter of course. He didn't seem particularly interested in any particular legislation, but not anything the gpop ought to be aware of. Centrally, Mansur, our great leader, keeps a list people to be...gotten rid of. Not unheard of for the names of the polit to be on those, chance I was on one. Why ask about Rosea? Snipe: she informed us of your conversations between you and Ira and R. Said: she seemed to do as she was told so Mansur was liked, or at least not a political threat. Sec of workers and laborers, well liked by gpop. Sarai gives him ~~10~~ 9 goodberries. Said: before my disappearance, we discussed how we might remove my name from the list. Sarai: anything about your position that would make you a good puppet? Said: external affairs, in control of some of the military, so yes. All I was aware of, is that by the end of the meeting, R would save my life for a series of small favors. Wanted access to trade/military routes, which I gave. Also asked for a drop of my blood, which was weird, but I wanted to safe my skin. Don't know where those routes are, used to keep them in my office, but don't know since then.

We go for a long rest, we sleepy (Snipe and Faolan in tavern, Eragon with Edina, Sarai in guild hall).

Things to do:

* Back to place beneath polit?
* Find Tihan?
* Scope out prison?

Faolan and Snipe to check out prison, Eragon to go with Sarai to ask Said about house. Eragon wants to stop guy staying there to \[politicking noises\]. Sarai lingers a bit to see about what Said wants re: getting out. He's less than trustful, but says the execution lists are with Johanna. If you could perhaps edit them slightly, that would be quite useful to me. He has a house in the old elven ruins. It's quite visible from central distribution (big fuckoff place on the map). Sarai leaves.

Faolan and Snipe invisble their way to the prison to check it out. As they look around the tower, it's a long building with a three story tower at one end. Windows with people moving past it. Side entrance where there are two guards. Walls are well-kept, but maybe able to scale the tower with scaffolds. They sneak back.

We're going to head over to the house with the execution lists. Snipe mage armor, invisibility on Eragon, stash him out of the way, plus we do pass without trace. We move like shadows in the night~ We get to the outside of a three story high old looking building with odd looking roof. We hide Eragon in an alley. The roof is like a terrace that we could climb up to the second level, then get up to the third. Faolan climbs up to the third story, ties off rope, we climb up. Eragon makes it up fine, Sarai barely makes it up (Israfil flying, Nancy blinking).

 &nbsp; | Lawful | Neutral | Chaotic
---|--------|---------|--------
Communist | Augt |   |   
Neoliberal | Sarai | Faolan | Snipe 
Fascist |   |   |   
