---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Back to fighting...

Faolan shoots a guy. Sarai hailofthorns same guy, kills him. Israfil kills another guy.Minotaur hollers and runs away, shoots at Eragon and misses. Eragon goes after guy on rock after crit succeeding on perceiving him. Snipe lightnings the fuck out a minotaur, kablam. Minotaur snipes Eragon, nearly kills him. Faolan runs into trees, hides, shoots at minotaur. Minotaur tries to shove Eragon, fails. Sarai thoughts-n-prayers Eragon. Israfil misses a bite. Eragon swords minotaur to death. Snipe chromatic-orbs captain to death.

Sarai heals snipe, eragon, tent and trees burn down. Faolan loots corpse, sarai calms horse, snipe unlocks the locked doors. There's a bound, ragged elf inside. "My rescue party is somewhat shorter than I expected." Snipe and Faolan discuss leaving him behind. We hop in the cart and drive off.

Elf: "Wasn't the best planned rescue." Snipe: "We never planned to rescue you." Sarai: "We were going to Kholeno." Elf: "Interesting, was just heading there myself." Snipe: "Who are you?" Elf: "Lorrion, priest of the four prophets." Faolan: "Who are the other three?" Elf laughs. Snipe: "What brings an elven priest into the region?" Elf: "I've heard of strange activities occuring, was dispatched to investigate." Sarai: "What investigations would a priest do?" Elf: "The holy kind. I was sent by the church." Faolan: "The dwarves are a sheltered bunch." Sarai: "why you being taken to kholeno" Elf: "Could ask you the same thing" Sarai: "We're not bound in the back of a prison cart" elf: "Fair. Originally came to investigate why people are being taken there, but it seems like all roads lead there anyway." Snipe: "Good for us to know" Elf: "This is a short party: two dwarves and two get of a madman." Faolan: "wat" Elf: "Have you been having any strange dreams of late?" Snipe: "WAT. what does this mean" Elf: "All the kobolds have been having strange visions in their sleep of ravens" Snipe, sarai: "Well, yes." Elf: "Untie me and I'll prove my intentions." Faolan: "Does the name Rola Tabsh Jaroudi mean anything?" Elf: "I'm aware of him. He's quite a secluded sort, but I hear he's been more active of late. You speak with a Munjim accent, sounds like you've an encounter. Usually bookish sort, but weird that he's traveling and sowing chaos" Faolan: "Okay, untie him." Sarai trains bow on him, Faolan holds knife, Snipe unties him. He takes a rock and touches it, and a bright light starts emitting from it, creating a large radius of what looks like sunlight. Sarai and Snipe have sunlight sensitivity. Elf: "Any of you get hurt? Come here my child." Faolan steps forward and feels *really good* and is restored to max hp. Faolan: "What the hell was that?" Elf: "It's a miracle of god" Faolan: "How long as god been active?" Elf: "QUITE A LONG TIME DOLT" Faolan: "Has your order always been able to do this?" Elf: "Interesting question. Recently, as heaven and the world get closer together it becomes more easy as god gives us the power to defeat the demons that inevitably come along with that." Eragon: "Where is this god and his powers?" Elf: "Not all are equally blessed. Perhaps you are just weak in spirit my vertically challenged friend"

> First of all, I'm not vertically challenged, you're vertically blessed.

Eragon: "Can god beat my SWORD?" Elf: "Yes o.o What do you value most?" Eragon: "The party" Elf says few words, small circle appears around him and we all feel compelled to tell the truth except Faolan, who is *so dreamy*. Eragon: "Yes, fine, it's my sword." Elf: "Of course. I wager god could defeat that. I wager your sword against my symbol of office." Eragon: "BRING IT BITCHES" Faolan: "Can we question him more before someone dies?" Elf doesn't look like he wants to back down. Faolan: "This idiot aside, I'm on a holy mission \*pendant\*. God is moving me." Elf: "God made us all, sand, blood in your veins. Of course." Faolan: "What about this pendant." Elf: "This is most curious. Couldn't give you anything more than a guess. Its true purpose will be shown in time." Snipe sets up camp. Faolan to Eragon: "Have you got any plans to kill me by the way?" Eragon: "None at all." Faolan: "If you gain power, would you slay us?" Eragon: "I just want to get my empire back, stay out of my way and you may get a sword. Where are my papers?!" Last we know Ira has them. Israfil crawls out, elf looks in shock: "How long has this creature been traveling with you?" Sarai: "A few days" Israfil hops over to elf, who asks his name, Israfil replies. Elf: "Where did you find hjim?" Snipe: "In the house of a demon summoner" Elf: "Truly the plans are moving faster than expected. Do you realize you've been traveling with an angel all this time?" Sarai: "Wat." Faolan: "we're chosen!" Elf: "You're a weirdo" Faolan: "We're as chosen as any other." Elf: "Indeed. I came to these lands looking for the egg which contained him" Faolan: "What for?" Elf: "intended to bring back to shahar to protect until it was hatch o'clock, wait for the other dragon that it would kill because it's a dragon of darkness" Sarai: "Like a pure black kobold?" elf: "No, you're not dragons." Faolan: "maybe the dragon is sending the dreams?" Elf: "No. Have an idea, but it might be wrong" Eragon: "We're wrong a lot." Elf: "I will have to do further research. Avoid the Cabal, though." Snipe: "My dream told me to find them" Elf: "Old order of mages, legend is they created you. Avoid them until we know more as to why." Faolan: "Food, slave labor, etc. What do you intend to do now?" Elf: "Originally intended to find Israfil and return him to where he'd be safest. That's his choice though. Where do you want to go Israfil?" Israfil: "Want to stay with you guys" Elf: "Protect him" Snipe: "How do you know this is the good one?" Elf: "Because it's not immediately attacking us." Eragon: "Makes sense." Elf: "You don't know much about them do you? Dwarves/kobolds believe they existed, but their divine nature is not their belief. Elves/humans think they're holy" (Kobolds animist: this tenet is convenient right now, we'll go with it until it's not anymore; ~~An it harm none~~ An it make you money, do what you will). Elf: "Throughout history, many dragons, coming during merging of the spheres. The first dragon was originally the deciple of Amon, betrayed him for power, became dragon. Was an evil pact with forces beyond our understanding. Holy dragons are different: god sent down angels as dragons to defeat demons. You have a young angel, hasn't had time to connect with god, at which point it will become more powerful. Was heading to Kholeno to look for him, but if the egg was in the home of a demon lord, that's bad shit. Teachings: Esrafel created elephas (dragon sent by god) who went into hiding, who created saul, who created this egg. Angel would come down, leave egg in possession of someone who would be trusted with it. If the messenger or Elephas was killed, that's rly bad shit."

We decide to sleep. Watches: Sarai, Snipe, Faolan, Eragon. Peaceful night. Next morning, Lorrion preparing, asks: "Final favor: can I take the horse back to al'Abqar, then go back to tell my order?" Faolan: "Sure \*tells about sewers\*" Elf: "You betrayers of the revolution? That makes five of us."

We make it to a mountain range, has plants and such. Faolan gives Eragon dark cloak for stealth: "Thank you for not planning on killing me" We find a stream, make perception checks, Snipe sees that it comes from a cave, sees a grate upriver. Snipe tries to go check it out, has a hard time of it. Israfil happily informs us that he sees darkness. Sarai blinks up there on Nancy after leaving her pack with the dwarves. She sees serpentine heads, but doesn't sense magic. It turns in disinterest moves up river, huge hulking body. Grate is solidly locked in place. Snipe can see that the room is only so big, there's a double door to one side, a bridge over the river, which is coming out from a tunnel on the other side. We head back to the party. Eragon wonders if he can Fl'eghks it open. We're gonna stop here for the night, tune in two weeks from now...
