---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

We go to check with Lemuel and Ekhreb about the translation of the original letter and maybe this new one. Only Lemuel. "Good thing you came by, we had a breakthrough." Gets original, copy, found pattern, reading phonetically, then rewriting, whoever wrote this went through great effort to keep it hidden.

> Aladith
>
> I have received word from Ira of your successful infiltration, though do not become over bold, your task is far from finished. Oradras, the loremaster who should have presented this letter to you, is to be given full use of the Kholeno mountain. You are to provide him with whatever materials he should so desire until explicitly stated otherwise. Once he has concluded his research you are free to do as you will, provided the tunnels beneath Kholeno are collapsed.
>
> At time of writing, if all has gone as the seers have ordained, a column of your kin should be moving from Munjim. Dispatch as many forces as you are able to deal with these, alongside a messenger detailing the approximate size of these forces. It is crucial that El Jadida’s port goes unwatched in these coming weeks. A beast most horrific will be sent to be stored beneath Kholeno. Once the order has been given you are free to release it upon Ard al Abqar.
>
> For the time being ensure that Ard al Abqar’s military forces are in an insufficient state to organise any significant strength, though do make sure that the city is able to operate to the extent that the necessary materials may still be moved.
>
> As you will have noticed, powerful enchantments have sealed this letter. Whilst they the common citizenry may seem passive the bulls are not to be trusted. Be wary of disposing of any of the polit over hastily unless you are confident that you will be able to control the succession. We all have our parts to play. Do not allow your indulgences to undo countless decades of planning.
>
> -R

Lemuel: "Don't know who R is, don't know why it says decades, don't know any of the names except those of the towns. The handwriting, no expert, but Ekhreb says quill was pressed down angrily. Temperamental sort." Eragon: "does mention munjim, perhaps the general was led into a conspiracy and this letter would exonerate." Sarai: "Should we ask about these other letters, and pay them?" Lemuel: "If I'm not intruding, where did you come across this letter?" Eragon: "You are." Faolan: "It's probably best for all of us if you don't know."

We pay him 30gp. "Truly a pleasure, this has been a delightful challenge." Sarai: "Perhaps these papers, new job?" Lemuel: "Don't read minotaur." "What about this? (elven letter)" "One of Zacheriah's scrolls! Where did you get it?" "Best if you don't know." Eragon knows it's from the Book of Secrets, great alchemist, scrolls got scattered and the information became scattered. Lemuel: "It's quite a simple recipe to turn fungi into poison." Faolan: "Does it detail the severity of the poison?" "It's quite effective, but strange, if it comes into contact with an open wound, it will burn and cauterize the wound. Could be used to stop bleeding, though scroll mentions its quite painful. 'The burning jaws of 10,000 ants crawling into your skin'." Faolan: "Where to acquire fungus?" "The recipe says many kinds, but purply-green color throughout here in sewer." "Can you write it down for us to ask elsewhere? 5gp" Sarai tries to bargain, loses, gives 5gp.

We head to minotaur's shop, fail to perceive anything, but shop is closed up.

Long rest. Faolan crashes at the Fight Hall, dwarf gets thrown into his room, apologizes, goes back to fighting. Snipe gets frost ray. We go to coffee shop. Sarai learns his name is Tweek. We ask about old spymaster minotaur who was helping us with translating notes and is now missing. They say it's open still.

We go to shop. Small mirror in front of the shop, and once we get seen, the shop closes down. Drat. Faolan's gonna knock and pretend it's not us. "Delivery! For a Mr...I can't read minotaur. From Munjim, get work where I can, etc." "Who from? Not opening the door if I don't know who it's from." "I don't want to go back, you'll be charged return fee." "Fuck off." Goes back, "Who's this Skis...Slaskus?" "Fuck fuck fuck." Door unlocks, Faolan gestures party closer. "Shit. Whhyyyy. What package?" "Some papers." "Just leave them on the desk" "Soooo, finding your job difficult now?" "((fuck...off...))" Starts looking through the papers, eyes widen, "Where on earth did you get shit like this?" "Probably best if you don't know." "Fuck you, everyone wants me dead." "We happened across them during our daily work" describe house "I know it. There's some serious stuff in here, letters to and from the polit. All related to different events in the polit, all the usual suspects there." "Any particularly interesting?" "This one is from Johanna(diff spelling, male, fancy house we broke into) from Ira(met with Rola Tabsh, who took Eragon's papers and the ring form Faolan), looks like they're counterfeiting troop numbers. It looks as though they're shipping something out of the city. Docs don't disclose. Shifting people. Numbers, but in symbols he doesn't recognize. One elf, twenty dwarves, five traitors. Ever since I was around, things are different." "Where to?" "A mountain." "Kholeno?" "That is a mountain nearby. Two-three hours ride from the city. There are many nearby though." "Anything else?" "This is a spicy one. This is one of the death lists. Usual people who said too much. This one has a member of the polit!" "Said?" "No, Rosea."

We decide to maybe head to the mountain, after a quick rendezvous with The Shaft. "I make the *best* arrows. Some new ones where the alchemists dip the tip in their special sauce, and when it's embedded in people, it lights on fire." Faolan likes the guy. "7gp ea, 5 for 20gp" "I'll pass" he looks disappointed. "1gp for 20 regular arrows. You know, the thickness of one's tail is linked to *many* things, such as fertility" Sarai tries flattery. "I'd do anything for a happy customer" "Tell me about these special sauce arrows" Explains with much innuendo. Sarai flirts, fails. Same price. Sarai buys one, plus 20 regular arrows.

Eragon went to Edina, did dwarf things.

Snipe goes back to safe house, horses are missing, cart destroyed, all but one ration missing. (Insert Curb Your Enthusiasm music). Snipe is going to neglect to tell the rest of the party and just buy rations in the market. Buys 20. Sarai finds a kobold potion seller, we buy 4, 1 for each, 16pp. Snipe gets a master-crafted magical stave because he's just that lucky. We take the unicorn horn to Tov to see what he can do with it. "Finest smith to walk the kingdom. What on earth is this?" "Horn of a territorial beast, talks back, using the sound of the wind to communicate" "Weird shit going on. Will research. Leave it here."

We leave the market and stealth out of the market with pass without a trace. Sarai realizes that she forgot to ask where we were going and Naruto runs back to the market to ask. She asks the dwarven refugees parked next to their boat, asks them. They point to where they guess it is. She offers what she can from herself or her guild, and sneaks back out. Nancy's happy, Israfil is a little weirded out. Perception checks, we see some slight yellow light in the trees. We detour sort of near them. Sarai hears minotaurs, sees horse, some minotaurs sleeping, two talking. Faolan is going to roll out the charm. Snipe is going to find a sniping nest (but falls off the rock doing so, taking three damage, but he does so *super stealthily*).

Faolan yells, "HAIL YOU GUYS NICE TO SEE SOME FRIENDLY FACES." Everyone jumps up and aims crossbows "Who the fuck are you?". "The name's Stonebrow, wandering after Munjim peddling my wares. Hard to make a living in these days." "Wait for the captain" Captain: "Who the fuck are you." Mintoaurs talk about killing them which Sarai understands, so she fires stunning arrow toward the fire, stuns Faolan. Guy shoots faolan, Sarai shoots captain for 12, Israfil hits captain and other for 15, lights tent on fire. Snipe freezes one minotaur to death. Faolan murderizes another. Eragon does...some damage. Snipe casts darkness and runs away. Some of the minotaurs run and shoot from a distance, captain heals. Eragon takes some damage.

Tune in next week...!
