---
---

[Corgi's D&D Campaign](/games/corgi)

Sarai casts pass without a trace, but critfails her own stealth check, so she gets hit with an arrow. Then critsucceeds her perception??? Bunch of neoliberal cuck elves. We run down into the sewer so as not to lead them to our safe house. We head to the guild hall. We look around for Melo and Tid, not there, but they take us in anyway, even if we get overcharged because Sarai's a butthead and covers for them. We get some rest, but there's more bad dreams. Chat with one of the kobolds there for a bit to learn more about the city, prod about the dreams a bit to not much luck. Snipe tries to prod about the dreams, not much luck, but sounds like down south has been running into trouble too. Reports sound like there's some blood red moon, some time of dunes (big sandstorms that cause dunes) - particularly bad there, scout nearly flayed by sand. Desert elves made it through, we don't trust them, but kobold shrugs, they're the only ones to do the job.

We decide to try and learn more about the prison. There's a boat at the river with 18-20 dwarves looking worse for the wear stepping off. They look better armed/armored, look different from munjim dwarves. "These are dwarves from Aijtimae". They look pissed off. There's one priestly type there they help out. They deal in precious gems and such. Snipe wants to steal from them, Faolan agrees, but wants to go talk them anyway. Asks how they made it through the sandstorm, they say they went through passage instead of going through the desert. Unfortunately, the bronze doors were closed on the way back, and there were corpses of dwarves, minotaurs and...others there. They encountered some strangeness. They were in no shape to go back through the mountains. They made their way to munjim, heard from refugees to lay low in the minotaur city. Were going to go west to Manajim Almulih, but after hearing how bad the situation was, they slew their camels and ate them. Sarai goodberries them hoping for good will.

> Two heads are better than one! You can tell because there's a whole two point difference.

We don't find much, but do find a coffee shop. We get advantage on perception  from coffee. Faolan tries to sell coffee beans, 1gp 3sp. Snipe casts haste on this crazy fucker running the shop. They run into Melo and Tid. Ask about cards heading to prison. They say they don't know, want to head home. They head on their way. Snipe is going to check in on the assassin's coffee shop and look for clues. Sarai, tired of being shot, is going to stay in the market with Faolan. Snipe sneaks in, tries to break into the back. Does okay, gets both doors open. Finds hallway, another door. Goes back, finds the guard with the keys, waffles, slight-of-hands one successfully. Was going to try it, but fails stealth, races out.

Sarai and Faolan were going to investigate but fail so hard they head off to ask dragon guy. Faolan runs into potion maker who Sarai doesn't know. Faolan convinces potion maker to talk in confidence. Says she's working on some new possibilities the more she learns. They head back to the excitable elf, who pets Israfil. "In the old parables, dragons show up as symbols of great change and large events. Such as the events in munjim." Faolan wants to roll insight, but we're going to stop here.
