---
---

> I don't know, sometimes tools need to be destroyed.

We're going to sleep for a few more hours to be able to keep up with them for a full day's ride (and heal Faolan/regain spell slots). Augt would like to remove a tree from its place in the ground and see if he can make a thing. There are dates growing on it, so we collect those and are going to dry them. Faolan suggest that we dig holes because they're laxatives??? Augt's going to make a flute and some crossbow bolts. He borrows the fl'axe, Eragon will kill him if he damages it. He makes an OKAY flute. It has a made in china sticker. He makes crossbow bolts, too, but they don't have arrowheads. Augt is also proficient in hand crossbows, so he may borrow that from Faolan at times.

We call out to the rangers, but they don't show up. Sarai fills all the waterskins. Augt is going to work on his 'wood shit', Faolan is going to work on the 'shit pit'. Sarai tries to see if the emerald fits in the crown. Eragon tries forcing the emerald in but the priest gets grumpy. Sarai sews the emeralds into the lining of her pack, then pets Israfil and Nancy and informs them that they are very good. Sarai and Faolan practice disguise kit. Eragon and Augt practice swordplay. Augt taps Eragon, Eragon freaks out and disarms him and holds the sword to his throat.

A sandstorm rolls in on the second evening and our vision is severely reduced. The next day, the sky is blue, the sun is scorchingly hot. As evening arrives, we see figures moving in the distance. Two, on foot, guiding a camel. Augt casts light on flute, goes to greet figures, sarai stays crouched behind a rock with arrow nocked. No1 "Ho there, what is a minotaur doing in the desert?" A "Traveling, of course!" 1+2 "Where to?" A "Aijtime." Them "Traveling merchants. We sell clothing from our tribe. We're from the serpent tribe" S "We actually are looking for some fromt he serpents (shows scrolls)" Them "We are not in a position to honor this right now. would have to go to the meeting place in Old Simbel, there you would meet someone" S "Would you like to camp with us?" Them "No thanks (whispering) We have seen the company surrounding you" S nods subtly "Figured as much" them "Would you like to trade?" E "Do you trade with Braeburn Industries?" Them "No. Do they trade in silks?" E "WHY WOULD THEY TRADE IN SILKS DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE POWER OF FL'EGHKS" Them "Huh. Okay." F "Do you have a fine turban?" Them "Yes, actually (very nice headwear, looks nice but no real stats boost)" E and F bicker over looking good. S is wondering if they have a floppy-brimmed hat because that'd look cool (and turbans don't work well on kobolds. A gets a hand-axe for carving etc. They have a cartographer's toolkit, F and A barter for those down to 2pp. S buys a collar for Nancy because she's a Good Dog. We sell them some tea. One of the rangers rides down from the hills and asks what the traders wanted, we lie about them being serpents. S and F spar a bit, the wind slicer is v nice. F practices minor illusion from blade on Israfil. Israfil gets grumpy, puts Faolan to sleep. We watch, nothing happens.

Another sandstorm rolls in the next. Sarai sings Darude's Standstorm, Faolan and Augt sing Tunak Tun. We wait out the day, and that night the sandstorm gets bad enough that we just have to close up the tents, works like magical darkness. Lightens up the next day, but while the rocks look the same, the dunes have all changed. A tries to look from the rocks, falls twice. S looks and doesn't see the rangers.

Another day, another performance, another brush of the camels, more rations.

> You'll have to wash the meat several times to get the salt out.
>
> Are we still talking about MRAs?

As evening begins to draw, we see some lights quite far in the distance, an hour's ride away. S starts getting ready. A can see 50-100 lights. We climb the rocks for defense, but one of the rangers rides up and asks what we're doing, convinces us to come down (S falls down). Ranger "You're in luck, a lot were nearby out of our tribe of 1k" Before we know it, large group of elves moves into the camp. Israfil stays hidden in the tent. Horseman "The host of the prince is here. He would like to meet with you." S "I suppose we're honored." A "This keeps happening, running into the leaders." 90 elves arrive, prince covered in ash and wearing a crown, talks to his cru. S takes a knee before the prince, who walks up to the party and laughs at her. S "Sorry..? We are well met." Prince "Not as impressive as I was told." S "Pleased to meet you, I guess?" Prince "If you knew who I was, you would not be so pleased to meet you." E "Why would rumors of you spread north?" Prince "Impatient dwarves. I am Ancor, leader of the jackal tribe. Do you know how long it's been since I've consumed the flesh of your kind?" E "Less than 24 hours?" Prince "Alas, over three months. You are quite tender and delicious." E "Eat Faolan first" F "He's here here in force, the act of a coward." Prince laughs "I like this one. I'll talk with this one. I have no need for those fake shows of civility, kobold" F "This is refreshing." P "what brings you do these lands." F "The dead walking, don't suppose you would be interested in eating those." P "No. No I would not." E "Why eat them?" F "If it's their society.." P "The jackal is the god of the dead, has declared them food. Undead break the cycle, thus they're disgusting." F "Have you seen any of the giant monstrosities that have been wandering?" P "We did take one down not long ago with many losses. Tasted eh, but made us sick." F "How do you eat them?" P "With as little waste as possible, can be cooked any way, or raw in the desert. The jackal teaches us well." F "Would you be willing to take us under your wing?" P laughs, "In better times, yes, but for now, we would not make good hosts, game being what it is." F "WE're looking for an alliance, I'm shaking in my boots and you are a great crowd. We want help against these, would not want to be food to them either. Surely if we joined forces, we would stand a better chance of destroying them and with fewer losses." P "And who would we be in alliance with?" F "The dwarven remnants of Munjim, the minotaurs of Al Abqar, the kobolds of Alsahali." P "The empire holds no weight here." F "Still, it's a threat to us all." P "I too held optimism for a while, but now no longer. Do you know nothing of history?" (Sarai knows the empire fought these elves way back, murmurs this to the party) F "We know the empire sucks, the minotaurs for example were run by a dragon for a while, everyone's at risk." P "Did you compare me to a minotaur?" F "You're both alive, yes?" P "The portal to the north could not be stopped, we have magic down here helping with the sands." S "Cults of lion and serpent? Their portal?" P "Sure. I don't know the detais or really care." A "Why?" P "We can succeed in the desert, they cannot." F "How, though? What if they can live in the desert?" P "We know more about demons, and are prepared for the coming times. The sands will protect us and surely the demons will vanish again. Has happened three times before." S "Would you let us pass to Aijtime? We would like to know more before we tackle the larger one to the north." P "I wasn't talking to you, kobold. First of all, that's not our business, and secondly, demons do not pour through the second one. The other tribes started that, we might have, but we do not care. Perhaps we were one people way back, but not now (w/ faolan questioning)" F "Could you let us pass?" P "I guess not, let me consult with my dudes." A, to F "Did you sell us up as delicious? Including yourself?" F "No no no, I just wanted to learn more from them. Maybe we could chop up a bandit and cook them!" A "I can make food!" F "You got imprisoned!" A "Sarai?" S looks alternating between aghast and like that's a good point. F "Do you learn how to cook in order to cook meals now, or in the future?" A "If I only had a body, I'd look for another solution" S "Well, to be fair, F got further than I did with trying to be polite." P "I've come to a decision. Further to the south, one of our old burial sites has been defiled. You may clear them out, and we could be of use to each other. If you'd be willing, I can make it worth your while by arranging meetings with the leaders of the other tribes." F "Sounds good to us." A "We need to get rid of the undead anyway." P "Great! (marks on the map on the crossroads south of Old Simbel/ east of Settat) Once you have slain the creatures, bring the heads to Karnak. If you accept, we have no more business until the task is done." He walks off.

F "All's well that ends well." S "Uncivilized, ungrateful gits." F "Bah, you have to look at the quality of a person. Did you like Sliscus?" S "He was a kobold, he dealt in things, made sense to me." F "But was he a quality person?" S "I...did shoot him once." F "Right? You were backed into a corner," S "Felt good, too." F "I bet (disturbing smile)"

> I like how Truthminer is becoming a progressively worse and worse person.
